title	description
Chocolate	Brought together by meaningful meals in the past and present, a doctor and a chef are reacquainted when they begin working at a hospice ward.
Guatemala: Heart of the Mayan World	From Sierra de las Minas to Esquipulas, explore Guatemala's cultural and geological wealth, including ancient Mayan cities and other natural wonders.
The Zoya Factor	A goofy copywriter unwittingly convinces the Indian cricket team that she’s their lucky mascot, to the dismay of their superstition-shunning captain.
Atlantics	Arranged to marry a rich man, young Ada is crushed when her true love goes missing at sea during a migration attempt – until a miracle reunites them.
Chip and Potato	Lovable pug Chip starts kindergarten, makes new friends and tries new things – with a little help from Potato, her secret mouse pal.
Crazy people	Nollywood star Ramsey Nouah learns that someone is impersonating him and breaks out of a mental institution to expose the imposter.
I Lost My Body	Romance, mystery and adventure intertwine as a young man falls in love and a severed hand scours Paris for its owner in this mesmerizing animated film.
Kalushi: The Story of Solomon Mahlangu	The life and times of iconic South African liberation fighter Solomon Mahlangu, who battled the forces of apartheid, come into focus.
La Reina del Sur	This compelling show tells the story of the legendary Teresa Mendoza, a courageous woman who is perceived as conquering the world of drug trafficking.
Lagos Real Fake Life	Two mooching friends vie for the attention of wealthy, beautiful women only to discover that their lavish lifestyles are bogus.
Payday	After an expensive night out, two flatmates get tangled in an overnight misadventure to recover their rent money to pay their dead landlord's daughter.
Sugar Rush Christmas	"It's everything you love about ""Sugar Rush"" – with a holly jolly holiday twist – in this Christmas-themed spin on competitive baking."
The Accidental Spy	Nursing a broken heart, an IT specialist moves to London to audition for a reality TV show that unexpectedly turns into a real-life cartel drama.
The Charming Stepmom	A quirky fashion student becomes the nanny of a handsome widower’s three kids, experiencing a series of silly antics and schemes.
The Island	When a colonel uncovers controversial intel about the government, he makes a shocking discovery and must decide whether to reveal it or risk his life.
The Movies That Made Us	These blockbusters brought us together and gave us the time of our lives. Meet the actors, directors and industry insiders who made them happen.
Holiday Rush	A widowed radio DJ and his four spoiled kids need to tighten their belts and pull together when their life of luxury turns lean just before Christmas.
Levius	Young Levius rises through the ranks in the brutal world of metal boxing under his uncle's guidance. Forces outside the ring have their eye on him.
Lugar de Mulher	Four comedians from Brazil riff on sexuality, politics, religion and motherhood – and set out to prove a woman's place is anywhere she wants it to be.
Merry Happy Whatever	A struggling LA musician tries to win over his new girlfriend's gruff dad and quirky, tight-knit siblings on a 10-day Christmas visit to Philadelphia.
Mythomaniac	Burned out and taken for granted, a working mom suspects her partner is cheating, so to win back his attentions, she feigns a medical diagnosis.
The Score	Ready-to-retire safecracker Nick, flamboyant fence Max and talented but volatile thief Jackie team up to rob the Montreal Customs House.
Broken	This investigative docuseries shows how negligence and deceit in the production and marketing of popular consumer items can result in dire outcomes.
Defiance	In this action-packed drama based on an extraordinary true story, four brothers protect more than 1,000 Jewish refugees during World War II.
Evvarikee Cheppoddu	When caste differences throw a wrench into their otherwise blossoming relationship, a couple must somehow convince the girl’s father to let them marry.
Little Singham: Mahabali	In a journey back in time to the ancient city of Mirchigadh, Little Singham vies for the title of Ultimate Warrior and fights a zombie king’s army.
The Body Remembers When the World Broke Open	After a traumatic event, two Indigenous women in Vancouver are brought together and form a deep bond despite leading different lives.
The Irishman	Hit man Frank Sheeran looks back at the secrets he kept as a loyal member of the Bufalino crime family in this acclaimed film from Martin Scorsese.
Mike Birbiglia: The New One	Comedian Mike Birbiglia hits Broadway with a hilarious yet profound one-man show that recounts his emotional and physical journey to parenthood.
Super Monsters Save Christmas	It's Christmas Eve in Pitchfork Pines, and the Super Monsters are joining forces to deck the halls, find Santa's missing reindeer and save the holiday!
The Crime	The peaceful lives of the residents inhabiting a breathtaking seaside town are shaken following a series of macabre crimes.
True: Winter Wishes	An ice crystal from a frosty realm is freezing everything in the Rainbow Kingdom, its citizens too! Can True save Winter Wishfest – and her friends?
Zona Rosa	An assortment of talent takes the stage for a night of honest stand-up featuring four of Mexico's funniest LGBTQ comedians.
Dirty John	Businesswoman Debra Newell's life unravels when she falls for the lies and manipulation of con man John Meehan. Based on the true-crime podcast.
Pranaam	Aspiring to fulfill his father’s dream and become a civil services officer, a young man loses his way upon becoming entangled with a criminal lynchpin.
What the F* Is Going On?	Featuring extensive interviews, this documentary takes a critical look at the gender inequality in Spain as the feminist movement aims to shift reality.
Awake	After an accident leaves him with no recollection of who he is, a man becomes a prime suspect in the search for a serial killer targeting young women.
Popeye	During a storm that wrecks his ship, super-strong sailor Popeye washes ashore and winds up rooming at the Oyl household, where he meets Olive.
Shot Caller	Trying to go straight, a once-successful businessman fresh out of prison is forced to orchestrate a brazen crime or risk his family.
Strong Girl Bong-soon	Born with supernatural strength, Bong-soon fights evil and procures justice while getting tangled in a love triangle with her CEO boss and cop crush.
Charlotte's Web	Follow the adventures of Wilbur the pig, Templeton the rat and Charlotte the spider in this animated musical version of E.B. White's timeless story.
End of Watch	Officers Taylor and Zavala patrol the streets of South Central Los Angeles, an area of the city ruled by gangs and riddled with drug violence.
Hamburger Hill	The Vietnam War's horrors come brutally to life through the eyes of American soldiers trying to take a heavily fortified hill under Vietcong control.
Once Upon A Time In Lingjian Mountain	As the nine continents face a crisis, a young disciple joins the Spirit Blade sect and comes under the tutelage of a temperamental sage.
The Time Machine	Based on the H.G. Wells classic, this adventure follows a scientist and inventor who's determined to prove to doubters that time travel is possible.
Brother	Thrust from a violent home into a brutal custody center, a teenager learns to navigate a tough new reality and forge unlikely alliances to survive.
Dino Girl Gauko	When she gets angry, middle schooler Naoko turns into fierce dinosaur Gauko! Thanks to friends, aliens and more, her life is full of wacky incidents.
Dolly Parton's Heartstrings	Eight stories celebrating family, faith, love and forgiveness come to life in this series inspired by Dolly Parton's iconic country music catalog.
Girls und Panzer der Film	The girls of Ōarai High must face off against a formidable university team in a fierce tank battle to once again avoid closure of their school.
High Seas	Two sisters discover disturbing family secrets after a string of mysterious deaths occur on a luxury ship traveling from Spain to Brazil in the 1940s.
Mike Birbiglia: What I Should Have Said Was Nothing: Tales from My Secret Public Journal	Mike Birbiglia performs in this live concert special that features a riotous selection of the unique insights and observations culled from his diary.
Nailed It! Holiday!	"It's the ""Nailed It!"" holiday special you've been waiting for, with missing ingredients, impossible asks and desserts that look delightfully sad."
Narcoworld: Dope Stories	Ride along as police officers and drug smugglers go toe-to-toe, trying to outwit each other in locales around the world.
Nobody's Looking	"A new guardian ""angelus"" uncovers a secret behind the Angelus System's bureaucracy that leads him to break its official rules about protecting humans."
Shelby American	Featuring interviews and vintage footage, this documentary traces American icon Carroll Shelby's life of reinvention from farmer to racer to entrepreneur.
Singapore Social	Peer into the lives of young Singaporeans as they defy expectations and traverse the tricky terrain of career, romance and family.
The Dragon Prince	An extraordinary discovery inspires two human princes and an elven assassin to team up on an epic quest to bring peace to their warring lands.
Trolls: The Beat Goes On!	As Queen Poppy welcomes a new time of peace in Troll Village with parties, sports and holiday celebrations, Branch tries to be more fun-loving.
K-19: The Widowmaker	On board Russia's first nuclear ballistic submarine, Capt. Vostrikov must race against time to prevent a Chernobyl-like explosion.
Mortel	After making a deal with a supernatural figure, two high schoolers emerge with extraordinary powers and join forces to solve a murder.
The Knight Before Christmas	Medieval magic sends a 14th-century knight to modern-day Ohio, where he falls for a high school science teacher who's disillusioned by love.
Adore	When lifelong friends Roz and Lil fall in love with each other's teenage sons, they must carry out their affairs in relative secrecy.
Bangkok Buddies	Living under the same roof, a group of unabashed friends wrestle with everyday issues from financial woes and shared quarters to romantic misfires.
Be Somebody	To escape the stress of fame, teen pop star Jordan goes incognito in a small town, where he forms a special bond with high school art student Emily.
Beavis and Butt-head Do America	After realizing that their boob tube is gone, Beavis and Butt-head set off on an expedition that takes them from Las Vegas to the nation's capital.
Bebe's Kids	When ladies' man Robin meets Jamika, he falls head over heels, but she greets him with four surprises: her son and her girlfriend Bebe's three kids.
Bikram: Yogi, Guru, Predator	This documentary charts the rise and fall of hot yoga founder Bikram Choudhury as his global empire is born and disturbing revelations come to light.
Black Snake Moan	Lazarus finds Rae beaten and near death, and acts as a father figure to help redeem her. But before saving anyone, Lazarus must face his own demons.
Carriers	As a lethal virus spreads globally, four friends seek a reputed plague-free haven. But while avoiding the infected, the travelers turn on one another.
Dorasaani	A village landlord's daughter and an educated commoner must decide if their budding forbidden love is worth resisting a repressive social hierarchy.
Dream/Killer	This riveting crime doc follows Bill as he confronts America's broken judicial system after his son is falsely sentenced to 40 years in prison.
Evolution	After two community college geology professors discover microscopic alien life-forms on a meteorite, the military and government become involved.
Eye for an Eye	Grieving mother Karen McCann takes justice into her own hands when the man who raped and murdered her daughter is freed on a technicality.
Holiday Secrets	A Christmas reunion becomes a gateway to the past in this three-part series that explores the intimate complexities of one family's history.
Hot Rod	Andy Samberg stars in this comedy as an accident-prone daredevil who's determined to jump 15 buses on his moped and impress his abusive stepfather.
It Takes Two	"The Olsen twins put a cute new spin on Mark Twain's classic tale ""The Prince and the Pauper,"" playing identical 9-year-olds from very different backgrounds: orphaned Amanda and wealthy Alyssa."
Lorena, Light-Footed Woman	Lorena Ramírez of Mexico's Rarámuri community lives a pastoral life – except when she straps on her sandals to compete as an ultramarathon runner.
Love, Rosie	Over the years, as they come and go in each other's life, childhood pals Rosie and Alex struggle to resolve the lasting, intimate bond between them.
Mallesham	A self-trained engineer risks debt, love and reputation in his quest to improve the grueling work conditions of his mother and her weaving community.
Once Upon a Time in the West	In this epic spaghetti Western, a flinty gunslinger is hired by a railroad tycoon to kill anyone standing in the way of his trans-American iron horse.
She's Out of My League	When average-guy Kirk starts dating drop-dead-gorgeous Molly, his friends don't see it lasting, so Kirk does everything he can to avoid losing Molly.
Superstar	A socially awkward Catholic schoolgirl vows to win a dreamy classmate’s affections by taking first prize at an upcoming talent show.
The Adventures of Tintin	This 3-D motion capture adapts Georges Remi's classic comic strip about the adventures of fearless young journalist Tintin and his trusty dog, Snowy.
The Devil Inside	At once spooky and grisly, this thriller follows a woman's quest to find the truth behind claims her mother killed three people during an exorcism.
The First Wives Club	Following a friend's suicide after her husband dumps her for a younger model, three women plot payback against their two-timing exes.
The Gift	When the authorities find a drowned woman's body, a small-town psychic starts having visions of who committed the murder.
The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard	Hired to rescue a flagging car dealership during a major sale, a fast-talking closer spends his days on the lot and his nights at local strip clubs.
The Longest Yard	Washed-up professional quarterback Paul Crewe is sent to jail and forced to put together an inmate gridiron team to take on a group of prison guards.
The Love Guru	Raised on an ashram in India, a self-styled love guru returns to his native America to settle a romantic rivalry between two pro hockey players.
The Rainmaker	A young attorney and a scrappy paralegal work to help the parents of a terminally ill boy in their suit against an insurance company.
What's Eating Gilbert Grape	In a backwater Iowa town, young Gilbert is torn between taking care of his troubled family and a girl who shows him new possibilities for his life.
Who Killed Little Gregory?	When their 4-year-old son is murdered, a young couple fights a twisting and arduous battle trying to identify a frustratingly elusive killer.
World Trade Center	Working under treacherous conditions, an army of dedicated rescuers struggles to find anyone who survived the World Trade Center's tragic collapse.
Young Adult	When a divorced writer gets a letter from an old boyfriend announcing his wife's had a baby, she returns to her hometown to reconnect with her ex.
Yours, Mine and Ours	When a father of eight and a mother of 10 prepare to wed, the couple's children attempt to sabotage the union in this remake of a 1968 comedy.
Zodiac	A political cartoonist, a crime reporter and a pair of cops investigate San Francisco's infamous Zodiac Killer in this thriller based on a true story.
Iliza Shlesinger: Unveiled	Here comes the bride, and she's got plenty to say. Newlywed Iliza Shlesinger dissects wedding traditions as she mines her nuptials for laughs.
Miss Culinary	After ditching her domestic life to become a chef, a clueless maid crosses paths with two charming suitors who help her reach her dreams.
No Time for Shame	Follow Santiago Artemis, a Buenos Aires fashion dynamo, as he makes his dreams come true while grappling with his love life, therapist and clients.
Candy Online	When a wardrobe malfunction goes viral, a bubbly live streamer struggles to navigate her classmates' cruel judgment and the small town she lives in.
The Crown	This drama follows the political rivalries and romance of Queen Elizabeth II's reign and the events that shaped the second half of the 20th century.
Drive	A Hollywood stuntman and getaway driver is lured from his isolated life by a lovely neighbor – until her violent husband is released from prison.
Iron Sky: The Coming Race	Decades after a nuclear war, survivors on the moon revisit Earth to locate a potential power source – and find shape-shifting reptiles instead.
Jeff Dunham: All Over the Map	America's most beloved ventriloquist hits the road, bringing along all of his most popular pals, including Achmed, Peanut and Walter.
Suffragette	At the beginning of the 20th century, circumstances drive a young, idealistic suffragette to find radical approaches to fighting male oppression.
The Green Inferno	Determined to save an Amazon tribe being squeezed by logging, a group of students finds nothing but trouble when their plane crashes in the jungle.
At the Dolphin Bay	Encountering each other after a long separation, two childhood friends from orphanage must overcome great odds to fulfill an old promise and find love.
Earthquake Bird	In 1980s Tokyo, an enigmatic expat is suspected of killing her friend, who's gone missing in the wake of their love triangle with a local photographer.
El sendero de la anaconda	In the most remote areas of the Amazon jungle, a writer and his anthropologist friend meet communities who have resisted change for centuries.
GO! The Unforgettable Party	Mía's vacation with her dad is disrupted by the surprise arrival of Lupe, Mercedes, Juanma and Álvaro as their school drama moves lakeside.
Guna 369	A pampered but kind-hearted average joe ditches his romancing and peacekeeping ways when he’s framed for a murder he didn’t commit.
House Arrest	A world-weary man’s self-imposed home confinement becomes a comedy of errors with the simultaneous arrivals of a peculiar package and a curious journalist.
I'm with the Band: Nasty Cherry	In an unfiltered, intimate docuseries, pop star mentor Charli XCX finds out what it takes to build – and break – a real, badass all-girl punk band.
Inheritors	After a chance encounter in LA, two teens from different social backgrounds reunite at an exclusive high school attended by Korea’s über rich.
K-On!	When they're not gorging themselves on sugary snacks, four aspiring high school musicians crank out catchy tunes as members of the Light Music Club.
K-on! the movie	The seniors in Sakuragaoka High School's music club live out the graduation trip of their dreams when they celebrate by performing in London.
Klaus	A selfish postman and a reclusive toymaker form an unlikely friendship, delivering joy to a cold, dark town that desperately needs it.
La Robe De Mariee Des Cieux	After a chance encounter that ends on bad terms, two clashing strangers soon cross paths again as their fates become inevitably intertwined.
Leap Year	Anna chooses February 29 to propose marriage to her boyfriend, but after meeting a charming innkeeper, she must evaluate her original plans.
Llama Llama	Beloved children's book character Llama Llama springs to life in this heartwarming series about family, friendship and learning new things.
My MVP Valentine	An unfortunate accident alters the life of a high school basketball prodigy, who abandons his beloved sport and becomes entangled in a love triangle.
My Sassy Girl	A refined young Joseon scholar's life turns upside down after he rescues a drunk princess who later accuses him of taking something precious from her.
SunGanges	A trio of filmmakers treks across India to explore the correlation between vanishing rivers, massive energy projects and renewable energy sources.
The 24 Hour War	An intense rivalry between Henry Ford II of the Ford Motor Company and Enzo Ferrari results in the most epic showdown in racing history.
The Club	A band of misfit rich kids in Mexico strike out on their own selling MDMA and quickly run into trouble with other narcos, the law and their families.
The Garden of Words	When a lonely teenager skips his morning classes to sit in a lovely garden, he meets a mysterious older woman who shares his feelings of alienation.
The Stranded	Trapped on an island destroyed by a tsunami, the students of an elite school try to hold on to hope. But mysterious forces seem to work against them.
The Toys That Made Us	The minds behind history's most iconic toy franchises discuss the rise – and sometimes fall – of their billion-dollar creations.
The Yard	After a fateful domestic clash, a devoted mother finds herself in prison and fighting to survive in hopes of reuniting with her daughter.
Westside Story	Spirited high school misfits with hearts of gold begin their journeys into adulthood as they navigate school, friendship, romance and heartbreak.
Clarence Clemons: Who Do I Think I Am?	This intimate documentary follows the life of legendary saxophonist Clarence Clemons and his spiritual awakening before his death in 2011.
Fadily Camara : La plus drôle de tes copines	Irrepressible French comedian Fadily Camara weaves jokes, vivid characters and physical comedy into a lively stand-up show at La Cigale in Paris.
My Dear Warrior	Love leaps off the page when an astronomer magically meets her comic book hero in the flesh, but learns that his fictional problems are very real.
Maradona in Mexico	In this docuseries, soccer great Diego Maradona comes to Culiacán, the heart of the Sinaloa Cartel, to save the local team, the Dorados, and maybe himself, too.
Chief of Staff	As a chief of staff in the National Assembly, Jang Tae-jun influences power behind the scenes while pursuing his own ambitions to rise to the top.
Harvey Street Kids	Kids rule in a place called Harvey Street, where a trio of girls right wrongs, ice cream is always an option, and every day feels like Saturday.
Jeff Garlin: Our Man In Chicago	Comedian Jeff Garlin (unintentionally) celebrates his 37th year of stand-up and shares his learnings on love, loss, success and food addiction.
A Single Man	This stream-of-consciousness drama centers on a day in the life of a gay college professor who's reeling from his longtime lover's recent death.
Put Your Head on My Shoulder	On the cusp of graduation, an accounting major searching for her career winds up living with a genius physics student who shakes up her daily routine.
Submission	After a near-death trip home, a Marine looking to help his comrade survive returns to the underground world of MMA, where new battles await.
To Be of Service	Traumatized by combat, newly returned war veterans find solace in service dogs that guide them back to a fulfilling civilian life.
Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj	Every Sunday, Hasan Minhaj brings an incisive and nuanced perspective to global news, politics and culture in his unique comedy series.
Little Things	A cohabiting couple in their 20s navigate the ups and downs of work, modern-day relationships and finding themselves in contemporary Mumbai.
Busted!	Tackling different mysteries in each episode of this game show, seven sleuths get closer to solving the biggest one of all: What happened to Project D?
Greatest Events of WWII in Colour	From the attack on Pearl Harbor to D-Day, the most pivotal events of World War II come to life in this vivid docuseries featuring colorized footage.
Green Eggs and Ham	On a road trip to save an endangered animal, polar opposites Guy and Sam learn to try new things like friendship – and a certain delectable dish.
Hit & Run	Determined to get his fiancée to L.A. to take advantage of an amazing opportunity, Charlie breaks out of the witness protection program to drive her.
Let It Snow	A snowstorm hits a small town on a cold Christmas Eve, affecting the friendships, love lives and futures of several high school seniors.
Paradise Beach	Mehdi gets out of prison, planning to settle old scores. But first, he must reconnect with his gang, now living in an idyllic beach resort in Thailand.
The Great British Baking Show: Holidays	Deck the halls with sugar, butter and chocolate as competitors from past seasons bake sweet Yuletide treats for judges Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith.
Wild District	After surrendering to Bogotá police, an ex-guerrilla avoids prison by working undercover to investigate a ruthless enforcer of government corruption.
U Turn	A reporter must hunt for the truth behind a strange murder after she crosses paths with a young cop and becomes the investigation's prime suspect.
Burning Cane	A small-town Louisiana minister and one of his parishioners cope with grief, alcoholism and a crisis of faith in this dramatic character study.
SCAMS	Hit hard by the Lehman shock, a well-meaning young man joins a phone scam operation and gets increasingly embroiled in the underworld.
Shadow	As three kingdoms struggle for control of a walled city, a figure with a rare power spins a web of intrigue that entangles a king's court.
Luccas Neto in: Summer Camp	Luccas and Gi are heading to a world famous gymkhana camp. Only problem: so are their bullies... A fun musical that will get you in a vacation mood.
Millennials	A group of millennials copes with the pressures of adulting by tackling a diverse set of problems from unemployment to cheating.
Sam & Cat	To earn cash, roommates Sam and Cat start a baby-sitting service – and quickly discover just what an adventure baby-sitting can be.
Seth Meyers: Lobby Baby	SNL alumnus and subversive master of late-night TV Seth Meyers comes out from behind the desk to share some lighthearted stories from his own life.
She-Ra and the Princesses of Power	Soldier Adora finds a magic sword – and her identity as legendary hero She-Ra. She joins the Rebellion, but her best friend stays with the evil Horde.
The End of the F***ing World	A budding teen psychopath and a rebel hungry for adventure embark on a star-crossed road trip in this darkly comic series based on a graphic novel.
The Lovers	On the verge of divorce, a middle-aged couple, each involved in a serious affair, rethink their marriage and the meaning of love and fidelity.
Tune in for Love	A student and a reticent teen first meet at a bakery in the 1990s and try to find each other through the years, as fate keeps pulling them apart.
Undercover Brother 2	When a beloved secret agent falls deep into a coma, his bumbling brother must defend their community from a divisive political threat.
Voice	In this remake of the Korean thriller, an esteemed detective and a talented cop join forces to nail the killer who took the lives of their loved ones.
A Holiday Engagement	Hilary's plan to hire a good-looking guy to act as her boyfriend backfires when she brings him home for the holidays to try and fool her family.
Christmas Crush	Twentysomething Georgia pines for her old boyfriend and is thrilled to have a second chance at love when she attends their high school reunion.
Dear Santa	Finding a letter mailed to Santa by a girl asking for a new wife for her daddy, twentysomething Crystal sets out to make the girl's wishes come true.
District 9	After years of segregation and forced labor, a race of stranded aliens enlists in a resistance movement spearheaded by a rogue government agent.
Kicking and Screaming	"After graduating, four college roomies – petrified by the prospect of facing ""real life"" – reluctantly step into adulthood in this ensemble comedy."
Meet the Adebanjos	In South London, tradition clashes with culture as a Nigerian father tries to instill his old-fashioned African values into his modern British family.
Minimalism: A Documentary About the Important Things	People dedicated to rejecting the American ideal that things bring happiness are interviewed in this documentary showing the virtues of less is more.
Oththa Seruppu Size 7	Taken into custody, a murder suspect's theatrical explanations of his peculiar modus operandi unearth truths far beyond the crime he’s accused of.
The Devil Next Door	A Cleveland grandfather is brought to trial in Israel, accused of being the infamous Nazi death camp guard known as Ivan the Terrible.
Takers	A motley crew of bank robbers plans their next heist after a former colleague convinces them to target an armored car carrying $20 million.
100 Things to do Before High School	Led by seventh-grader C.J., three students who have been warned about the dangers of high school decide to make the best of their middle-school years.
A Fairly Odd Summer	In this live-action adventure, the gang heads to Hawaii, where Timmy learns the source of all fairy magic is in dangerous hands.
Bella and the Bulldogs	The life of cheerleader Bella Dawson turns upside down when, in a twist of fate, she becomes quarterback for her middle school's football team.
Big Time Movie	Big Time Rush heads to London for their first world tour, but when the boys' bags are switched, they get mixed up in a mission to save the world.
Don't Be Afraid of the Dark	Young Sally Hurst discovers she isn't alone in her new house: strange creatures live there – and they might not be as friendly as Sally thinks.
Escape from Mr. Lemoncello’s Library	An eccentric game designer builds a library full of traps and tricks for a group of kids who score the chance to navigate his elaborate scavenger hunt.
Hey Arnold! The Jungle Movie	When Arnold and his crew win a trip to San Lorenzo, their adventure in the wild forces them to take the same risky path as Arnold's missing parents.
Jinxed	After a century-old curse of bad luck, a determined teen embarks on a journey to break her family’s generational misfortune.
LEGENDS OF THE HIDDEN TEMPLE	A trio of siblings gets trapped in a secret temple, where they must navigate a risky obstacle course to make it out. Inspired by the ‘90s game show.
Liar, Liar, Vampire	When a shy teen transfers to a new school, he elects to mix things up by playing along with the rumor that he's a vampire.
Shark Night	A weekend of beach-house debauchery turns into a nightmare for a group of friends when they discover that the waters are infested with vicious sharks.
The Boy Who Cried Werewolf	When high school girl-geek Jordan becomes a werewolf after moving to Romania, she must elude her own brother, who sets out to slay her.
The Massively Mixed-Up Middle School Mystery	After the school principal gets pranked, a curious crew of preteen super sleuths tests their detective skills to solve an underwater ruse.
Victorious	When aspiring singer Tori Vega joins the eccentric students at Hollywood Arts High, she struggles to fit in with the amazingly talented teens.
100% Hotter	A stylist, a hair designer and a makeup artist team up to give Britain's biggest fashion disasters some much-needed makeunders.
16 Blocks	Tasked with escorting a prosecution witness to court, an aging cop gears up for the 16-block trek – but they'll be lucky to make it there alive.
A Remarkable Tale	The residents of an isolated town look to revive their home's identity when a group of foreigners unexpectedly arrive, bringing culture shock with them.
A Year In Space	Two astronauts attempt to brave a life in Earth's orbit on a record-setting mission to see if humans have the endurance to survive a flight to Mars.
Ad Vitam	In a future where regeneration technology lets humans live indefinitely, a cop and a troubled young woman investigate a strange wave of youth suicides.
American History X	A neo-Nazi gets sent to prison for murder and comes out a changed man. But can he prevent his younger brother from following in his footsteps?
American Son	Time passes and tension mounts in a Florida police station as an estranged interracial couple awaits news of their missing teenage son.
Anger Management	After a gentle businessman is forced to get anger management counseling, his therapist moves in – but turns out to have anger issues of his own.
Apache Warrior	Recovered cockpit footage and telling interviews reveal the true stories of US fighter pilots in one of the largest combat strikes in history.
Atypical	When a teen on the autism spectrum decides to get a girlfriend, his bid for more independence puts his whole family on a path of self-discovery.
Barbie Dreamhouse Adventures: Go Team Roberts	As the Roberts family heads to Costa Rica to investigate a mermaid legend, Barbie takes on a summer job at a water park run by a devious boss.
Billy on the Street	Comedian Billy Eichner sprints through New York with celebrities to stun pedestrians with unapologetic, unfiltered and unique pop culture questions.
Bondi Rescue	This reality series follows elite professional lifeguards on Sydney's Bondi Beach, as they take on everything from animal stings to criminals.
Butterfield 8	Elizabeth Taylor won an Oscar as Gloria Wandrous, a stylish call girl who yearns to go straight, especially after she thinks she's found Mr. Right.
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof	Members of a Southern clan scramble to curry favor with a dying, wealthy patriarch in this adaptation of Tennessee Williams's sizzling stage drama.
Christmas Break-In	Stranded at school before holiday break, a precocious girl gets into the spirit of saving when a trio of robbers trespass and hold the janitor hostage.
Christmas in the Heartland	Two girls realize they're both visiting grandparents they’ve never met and decide to switch places to see how the other half lives.
Christmas Survival	With Christmas just around the corner, sisters Miranda and Lyla bring their families to their childhood home, where rivalries don't take a holiday.
CLANNAD	Maladjusted high school student Tomoya's life begins to change when he befriends his classmate Nagisa and several other eccentric girls.
Cleopatra Jones	A stylin' special agent chases down drug lords and does her part to stop trafficking. Soon, she finds herself seeking revenge on a dealer.
Code Name: The Cleaner	A mild-mannered janitor duped into believing he's an undercover agent stumbles into an international arms ring plot involving the CIA and the FBI.
Doctor Zhivago	A young physician and his beautiful mistress get swept up in the danger and drama of the Bolshevik Revolution in this Oscar-winning epic.
Drive	A notorious thief allies with a street racer for a grand heist involving an elaborate game of deceit with authorities, who have their own dirty secrets.
Elliot the Littlest Reindeer	When Blitzen suddenly retires, a miniature horse determined to join Santa's reindeer team faces fierce competition in the North Pole tryouts.
Enter the Dragon	Recruited by a British agent, Shaolin master Lee infiltrates a remote island and a brutal martial arts tournament to spy on a sinister crime lord.
Euphoria	An entrepreneur prone to partying and his estranged brother, a teacher resigned to a humdrum life, begin to bond under fragile circumstances.
Executive Decision	When terrorists hijack a 747 and turn it into a nerve gas bomb aimed at Washington, D.C., commandos use an experimental plane to try to stop them.
Fallen	A tough homicide cop faces his most dangerous assignment when he must stop a murderous evil spirit who can move from one host to the next.
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas	A sportswriter and his Samoan lawyer embark on a hallucinogenic three-day romp from Los Angeles to Las Vegas in this counterculture cult favorite.
Fire in Paradise	In this documentary, survivors recall the catastrophic 2018 Camp Fire, which razed the town of Paradise and became California’s deadliest wildfire.
Forbidden Planet	A pulp-fiction sci-fi classic, Forbidden Planet stars Leslie Nielsen as a heroic starship captain who finds the paradise planet Altair-IV.
Getting Played	Tired of dealing with boyfriends who wrong them, gal pals Lauren, Emily and Andrea decide to turn the tables and become the players themselves.
Gigi	Gigi's an avant-garde French waif being groomed as the fille de joie of affluent and handsome Gaston. Soon Gigi metamorphoses into a stunning beauty.
Gosford Park	In this witty whodunit, wealthy guests and their servants gather for a weekend stay at the home of Sir William McCordle, who is soon found murdered.
Gothika	After a car crash, a criminal psychiatrist awakens to find that she's a patient in the same mental institution that currently employs her.
Grease	John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John star in this hit musical comedy about a greaser and the good girl he falls for – much to his friends' chagrin.
Hache	As Helena gains the love and trust of a dangerous heroin cartel leader in 1960s Barcelona, she hones the skills she needs to rise up the ranks.
Haikyu!!	Inspired by a championship match he sees on TV, junior high schooler Hinata joins a volleyball club and begins training, despite his short height.
Harlem Globetrotters: The Team That Changed the World	Relive the greatest moments of the Harlem Globetrotters with this documentary that chronicles the team's legendary 1948 defeat over the Minneapolis Lakers and their historic 1951 Berlin trip.
Hello Ninja	BFFs Wesley and Georgie and their silly cat sidekick Pretzel transform into ninjas and enter a magic world, where they solve problems and save the day.
Highway Thru Hell	On the hazardous highways of Canada's interior, heavy vehicle towing companies experience hardship and triumph rescuing wrecked and stranded trucks.
Holiday in the Wild	When her husband abruptly ends their marriage, empty nester Kate embarks on a solo second honeymoon in Africa, finding purpose – and potential romance.
Holly Star	Home for the holidays, a broke puppeteer knows there’s treasure buried somewhere under her town. To find it, all she has to do is die – almost.
How to Be a Latin Lover	When an aging Lothario gets the boot from his sugar mama, he must pull out all the stops to find a new female sponsor.
How to Be a Player	Dray lives life one woman at a time and is the envy of all his friends, until his sister decides to show him the error of his philandering ways.
Invictus	After the end of apartheid, newly elected President Nelson Mandela uses the 1995 World Cup rugby matches to unite his people in South Africa.
Jimi Hendrix	Jimi Hendrix's family, friends, and fellow musicians discuss his life and influence. Hendrix also appears in classic performance footage.
King's Ransom	A wealthy, despicable businessman comes to the realization that he may lose half his fortune to the obnoxious wife he's trying to divorce. So, he decides to arrange his own kidnapping in order to wipe himself out and claim poverty.
Legion	A motley crew of apocalypse survivors living at an abandoned truck stop never suspects that the pregnant woman among them is carrying the Messiah.
Like Water for Chocolate	When Pedro marries her sister, Tita throws herself into her cooking – and discovers she can transfer her emotions through the food she prepares.
Listen Up! The Lives of Quincy Jones	Steering clear of convention, this affecting documentary pays tribute to the life and work of composer, musician and producer Quincy Jones, one of the best-known and most respected men in the music industry.
Logan's Run	In the 23rd century, inhabitants of a domed city exist in a world filled with life's pleasures – but no one is allowed to live past the age of 30.
Lolita	In this black comedy, an English professor marries his landlady to get closer to his forbidden obsession: her teenage daughter.
Love Jones	In this urban romantic comedy set in Chicago, the ups and downs of courtship play out between a young black poet and a pretty shutterbug.
Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions!	High schooler Yuta wants to leave his past as a delusional weirdo behind. But his classmate Rikka has her own delusions, and she's interested in his.
Mad Money	A woman joins the janitorial staff of the Federal Reserve Bank and conspires with two co-workers to pilfer old money that's scheduled to be destroyed.
Maid-Sama!	To keep the boys in line, student council president Misaki runs the school with an iron fist – while secretly working as a waitress at a maid café.
Mars	Fact meets fiction in this docudrama chronicling the journey of a spacecraft crew as it embarks in 2033 on a mission to colonize the red planet.
Mobile Suit Gundam: Iron-Blooded Orphans	On a terraformed post-disaster Mars, a group of child security agents rebel against the adults who betrayed them and the oppressive Earth government.
Money Talks	TV news reporter James Russell helps put small-time criminal Franklin Hatchett in jail, but turns to protecting Hatchett when he escapes from prison.
Monster House	Three friends uncover the truth about a scary abandoned house in their neighborhood that has a personality of its own and seems to be eating people.
Mutiny on the Bounty	Marlon Brando gives a nuanced performance as the aristocratic Lt. Fletcher Christian, an officer aboard the HMS Bounty who leads a mutiny against the ship's tyrannical Capt. Bligh.
Nacho Libre	When Ignacio learns of an orphanage's financial woes, he pitches in to help – by disguising himself and joining the professional wrestling circuit.
National Lampoon's Loaded Weapon 1	In this parody of the Lethal Weapon franchise, criminals murder a detective and steal her prized evidence: microfilm with a recipe for cocaine cookies. Luckily, loose-cannon cop Jack Colt and his by-the-book partner, Wes Luger, are on the case.
Ocean's Eleven	Frank Sinatra leads an all-star cast as Danny Ocean, who decides to knock over a few casinos on the Las Vegas Strip with his buddies.
Paid in Full	This fictionalized account of three real-life notorious Harlem drug dealers is told in flashbacks as they plunge into the world of hustling.
Queer Eye: We're in Japan!	The Fab Five touch down in Tokyo to spread the joy, explore the culture, and help four Japanese men and women find the confidence to be themselves.
Rebel Without a Cause	When Jim Stark arrives in a new town with his troubled past firmly in tow, he quickly falls for the girl next door and befriends the vulnerable Plato.
Revolutionary Road	"April and Frank's marriage unravels when a plan to change their ""perfect"" lives becomes their last hope to escape lives engulfed in emptiness."
Rosemary's Baby	A woman is thrilled to find out she's pregnant. But as her belly grows, the more certain she becomes that her unborn child is in serious danger.
Rounders	"A law student befriends and ""befoes"" a fellow gambling addict and a club owner, and tensions run high when they must come up with $15k in just 5 days."
Rumble in the Bronx	During a visit to the Bronx to help out at his uncle's store, a cheerful martial arts expert springs into action when a gang terrorizes the shop.
Santa Girl	Fleeing the family business and an arranged marriage, Santa’s daughter chooses a magical adventure of her own: College.
Sling Blade	A man returns home after being released from a psychiatric hospital, where he'd been confined since age 12 for murdering his mother and her lover.
Sparkle	In 1950s Harlem, three singing sisters hit the big time and end up losing one another in this musical melodrama inspired by the Supremes.
Spider-Man 3	The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains in the third installment of the blockbuster adventure series.
Spitfire: The Plane that Saved the World	In this epic documentary, last-surviving veterans trace the history of a legendary fighter aircraft that dominated the air during the Battle of Britain.
Step Brothers	Brennan and Dale might be grown men, but that doesn't stop a childish sibling rivalry from erupting after Brennan's mom marries Dale's dad.
Superfly	To get away from the thug life, cocaine dealer Youngblood Priest puts together one last deal that will net him enough money to start over.
The Boulet Brothers Dragula	Ten queens must slay the competition and put their fiercest, filthiest faces forward for the chance to be crowned the world's next drag supermonster.
The Brave One	New York City radio host Erica Bain decides to take the law into her own hands after losing her fiancé in a brutal Central Park attack.
The Christmas Candle	A progressive new minister's arrival in a small village threatens to end an age-old tradition that brings a yuletide miracle to one of the residents.
The Cincinnati Kid	"In Depression-era New Orleans, cocksure stud poker player Eric Stoner – the titular Cincinnati Kid – challenges longtime champ Lancey ""The Man"" Howard to a showdown at the table, where a war of wills – and nerve – ensues."
The Deep	The Nektons are a family of underwater explorers who discover the hidden secrets of the oceans, including sunken cities, sea creatures and pirates.
The Game	"Nicholas receives an unusual birthday present from his brother, Conrad – a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game formulated by ""CRS."""
The Great Raid	In World War II, a battalion goes on a daring rescue mission to liberate the Americans and Filipinos who've been captured by the Japanese.
The House of Flowers Presents: The Funeral	The de la Mora siblings publicly mourn the death of their mother amid multiple surprises and mishaps at Virginia's funeral.
The King	Wayward Prince Hal must turn from carouser to warrior king as he faces hostilities from inside and outside the castle walls in the battle for England.
The Last Boy Scout	Private eye Joe Hallenbeck is forced to team up with a disgraced quarterback to uncover a conspiracy by a politician and a football team owner.
The Man Without Gravity	A gravity-defying boy raised in seclusion matures into an extraordinary man – and an international celebrity – who longs for human connection.
The Matrix	A computer hacker learns that what most people perceive as reality is actually a simulation created by machines, and joins a rebellion to break free.
The Matrix Reloaded	The crew must protect Zion, the last outpost still under human control, after it is pinpointed by the machines responsible for the Matrix.
The Matrix Revolutions	The final installment in the Matrix trilogy finds an unconscious Neo trapped in a subway station in a zone between the Matrix and the machine world.
The Old Thieves: The Legend of Artegios	While carrying out prison sentences, five notorious thieves in Mexico City share their principles, preferred methods and respect for the craft.
The Pelican Brief	When law student Darby Shaw theorizes about the assassinations of two Supreme Court justices, she is put in danger and turns to a reporter for help.
The Tuxedo	After a government spy is hospitalized, New York City cab driver Jimmy unwillingly takes over the spy's role – with the aid of a computerized tuxedo.
Thelonious Monk: Straight, No Chaser	The spotlight shines on iconic jazz pianist and composer Thelonious Monk in this 1988 documentary featuring vintage performance clips and interviews.
True: Grabbleapple Harvest	It's Grabbleapple harvest season in the Rainbow Kingdom ... but Glummy Glooma doesn't want autumn to come. Can True and her friends save the festival?
Vantage Point	Moments after he arrives in Spain for an antiterrorism summit, U.S. President Ashton is shot.
Vientos de agua	José Olaya, a Spanish miner, emigrates to Argentina in 1934, while his son, an architect, moves to Spain after Argentina's economic collapse in 2001.
We Are the Wave	A mysterious classmate leads four idealistic teens in a revolt against a rising tide of nationalistic fervor, but their movement takes a dark turn.
Wild Child	When a spoiled girl pushes her father too far with her spending and outlandish behavior, he ships the Malibu princess off to a strict boarding school.
Zoé: Panoramas	This introspective rockumentary follows the career triumphs and intimate moments of legendary Mexican band Zoé as they embark on a global tour.
Zombieland	Looking to survive in a world taken over by zombies, a dorky college student teams with an urban roughneck and a pair of grifter sisters.
Grego Rossello: Disculpe las molestias	Argentine comedian Grego Rossello takes the stage in Buenos Aires to share his takes on modern stardom, airline dining, brotherly love and more.
KENGAN ASHURA	Ohma Tokita enters a hidden world where corporate disputes are settled in brutal gladiator bouts. Forget the money, he just wants to fight – and win.
Midnight Diner: Tokyo Stories	Patrons of an otherwise mundane Japanese diner find simple yet profound connections with one another based on the shared love of a particular dish.
Nowhere Man	Two nefarious schemes taking place 10 years apart entangle a dauntless triad member, who must break out of prison to rescue a loved one.
Sleepless Society: Bedtime Wishes	During a holiday stay at a hotel resort, a flight attendant encounters a wealthy, mysterious man with two different personas.
Bring It On, Ghost	A college student with psychic abilities takes in an amnesiac ghost as his roommate – who ends up helping him hunt down spooky spirits.
Flavorful Origins	Delve into the delectable world of Chaoshan cuisine, explore its unique ingredients and hear the stories of the people behind its creation.
Mehandi Circus	In the early 1990s, the love between a cassette shop owner and a traveling circus performer challenges caste barriers and disapproving parents.
Tomorrow with You	The head of a real estate firm with the ability to travel through time by taking the subway marries a photographer to try and change his future.
Tunnel	A detective finds himself 30 years in the future and must solve a string of grisly crimes before he can return to the past.
Arsenio Hall: Smart & Classy	In his first stand-up special, Arsenio Hall discusses getting older, the changing times and culture, social issues and even bothersome baby toes.
Shine On with Reese	In a talk show straight from the heart, actor and producer Reese Witherspoon visits with groundbreaking women to discuss their inspiring journeys.
The Road to El Camino: Behind the Scenes of El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie	"Aaron Paul, Vince Gilligan and other cast members, producers and crew share stories and footage from the making of ""El Camino."""
A 3 Minute Hug	This documentary captures the joy and heartbreak of families separated by the U.S.-Mexico border sharing a short but bittersweet reunion in 2018.
Jeopardy!	Alex Trebek hosts one of TV's longest-running game shows, where a trio of players buzz in with their knowledge of history, arts, pop culture and more.
Little Miss Sumo	In an ancient sport traditionally reserved for men, 20-year-old female sumo prodigy Hiyori attempts to revolutionize Japan’s national pastime.
Wait, My Youth	Six hopeful friends journey into adulthood to create the moments that pull them together, draw them apart and make them fall in love.
A Little Thing Called First Love	A shy college student with a knack for drawing develops a crush on a musically gifted classmate and embarks on a journey of self-discovery.
The Last Whistle	After a star player dies during football practice, his coach’s career and reputation are on the line as he refuses to quit his win-at-all-costs style.
A Tale of Love and Darkness	Based on the memoirs of author Amos Oz, this poetic drama shares his family's tale of suffering and survival in the early years of independent Israel.
Assimilate	A group of friends making a web series about their hometown realize it isn’t as boring as they thought when their neighbors start behaving strangely.
BoJack Horseman	Meet the most beloved sitcom horse of the '90s, 20 years later. He’s a curmudgeon with a heart of...not quite gold...but something like gold. Copper?
Brotherhood	An honest lawyer reaches a moral crossroads after the cops force her to inform on her incarcerated brother, the leader of a rising criminal faction.
ChuChu TV Kids Songs, Learning Videos & Bedtime Stories	This educational series for tiny tots features a toe-tapping spin on nursery rhymes with upbeat tunes and a diverse set of easy-to-follow lessons.
Consequences 	Secrets bubble to the surface after a sensual encounter and an unforeseen crime entangle two friends and a woman caught between them.
Dolemite Is My Name	In 1970s LA, struggling comedian Rudy Ray Moore hits it big with his raunchy alter ego, Dolemite, then risks it all to take his act to the big screen.
Drug Squad: Costa del Sol	Four intrepid and impulsive police officers form a special narcotics unit to combat the birth of drug trafficking on Spain's Costa del Sol in the 1970s.
Greenhouse Academy	When teen siblings Hayley and Alex enter an elite boarding school, they find rivalry, romance and a mystery related to the recent loss of their mom.
It Takes a Lunatic	The extraordinary life of beloved acting teacher and theatre producer Wynn Handman is recalled in this portrait of a provocative, innovative artist.
Monzón: A Knockout Blow	This dramatization tells the story of Argentine boxing champion Carlos Monzón, as well as the investigation into the death of his wife Alicia Muñiz.
My Next Guest with David Letterman and Shah Rukh Khan	"""King of Bollywood"" Shah Rukh Khan opens up about his rise to fame, his family and his billions of fans as he and Dave meet up in Mumbai and New York."
Nailed It! France	On this fun and funny competition show, home bakers talented in catastrophe struggle to re-create dessert masterpieces and win a 5,000 euro prize.
Nailed It! Spain	On this competition show, novice bakers try to avoid a fiasco while duplicating stunning sweets. At stake are a trophy and 5,000 euros.
Prank Encounters	Monstrous frights meet hilarious reveals on this hidden-camera prank show as real people become the stars of their own full-blown horror movie.
Rattlesnake	After a mysterious woman saves her daughter from a deadly snakebite, a single mother must repay the debt by killing a stranger before sundown.
The Awakening of Motti Wolkenbruch	Pressured to marry a nice Orthodox Jewish woman, Motti is thrown for a loop when he falls for classmate Laura, who his mother will never approve of.
The Kominsky Method	Acting coach Sandy Kominsky and best friend Norman Newlander keep each other laughing as they navigate the ups and downs of getting older.
The Untamed	In a magical world of inter-clan rivalry, two soulmates face treacherous schemes and uncover a dark mystery linked to a tragic event in the past.
Booba	The world is a mystery to little Booba. But he approaches the curiosities around him with wonder, finding adventure in his everyday surroundings.
Daybreak	Living his best life in post-apocalyptic LA, a slacker strives to find the girl of his dreams while outwitting mindless ghouls and cliquish gangs.
Echo in the Canyon	An affectionate documentary looks back at the mid-1960s, when Hollywood’s Laurel Canyon was a creative nexus for young, innovative musicians.
Revenge of the Pontianak	A wedding in a Malaysian village leaves out one guest: a scorned vampire ghost bent on settling a secret score with the groom and anyone in her way.
American Heist	An ex-con is just getting his life back on track when his older brother is released from prison and drags him into the underworld for one final heist.
Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner	Chef David Chang takes his insatiable curiosity about food, culture and identity on the road, in the convivial company of fun-loving celebrity guests.
Dancing with the Birds	From ruffling their majestic feathers to nailing im-peck-able courtship routines, birds in paradise flaunt their best moves in hopes of landing a mate.
Master Z: The Ip Man Legacy	In this spin-off, a martial arts expert once defeated by Ip Man is forced to abandon his reclusive lifestyle to combat a rising Chinese triad.
Hunter's Prayer	A hired gun has second thoughts when he's contracted to kill a teenage girl whose father's shady business dealings put her life in danger.
I'll See You in My Dreams	After the passing of her dog, a long-widowed senior citizen is in need of companionship. Two very different possibilities present themselves.
Jenny Slate: Stage Fright	Jenny Slate's first stand-up special is a mix of stage time, funny stories about adulthood and conversations with family in her childhood home.
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre	When some friends visit a vandalized graveyard, they come upon a chainsaw-wielding maniac, and it's a fight to the bloody death between good and evil.
Tracers	When a bike messenger falls into debt with organized criminals, a sexy woman draws him into her high-stakes world of parkour, teaching him new skills.
Free Fire	A sketchy arms transaction in a deserted warehouse turns into a free-for-all when the two sides engage in a take-no-prisoners shootout.
Little Singham: Kaal Ki Tabaahi	Kaal is back – bigger and badder than ever! Can Little Singham fight the battle of a lifetime to stop the demon’s plans to wreak havoc on earth?
Men in Black	A streetwise cop teams with a veteran government agent to work for a super-secret, extremely dapper team that monitors extraterrestrials on Earth.
Moms at War	Two fierce mothers become rivals when a school contest forces their kids, both model students, to compete against one another to be the best in class.
The Command	For the crew trapped aboard a sunken Russian submarine the deadliest threat is the bureaucracy on land. Based on a true story.
10 Days in Sun City	After his girlfriend wins the Miss Nigeria pageant, a young man faces unexpected competition of his own when he joins her on a campaign in South Africa.
93 Days	Heroic health workers fight to contain an Ebola outbreak when a patient arrives in Lagos with symptoms of the deadly virus. Based on a true story.
Baby	Fed up with their families and classmates, two teen girls from a wealthy part of Rome are drawn to the city's underworld and start leading double lives.
Eli	With his desperate parents in tow, an 11-year-old boy with a debilitating illness checks into an isolated clinic to undergo experimental therapy.
In My Country	A teacher turns to a dubious man to raise money for her daughter's life-saving surgery, a crisis that is unexpectedly catapulted to a national stage.
Interior Design Masters	Aspiring interior designers transform a variety of spaces from dowdy to delightful as they vie for a life-changing contract with a top London hotel.
Little Baby Bum: Nursery Rhyme Friends	Twinkle, Mia, Jacus and the rest of the Nursery Rhyme Friends perform catchy tunes for the little ones.
Living with Yourself	Burned out on life, Miles undergoes a strange procedure at a strip mall spa – and wakes to find he's been replaced by a better version of himself.
Love, Surreal and Odd	When a group of people meets at the same party, they form four different relationships, each experiencing similar phases of love.
MeatEater	Steven Rinella scrounges in some of America's wildest terrains in this unscripted series showing him on the hunt for wild animals from ducks to deer.
Mighty Little Bheem: Diwali	From decorating his home to devouring sweets, join Bheem as he makes merry – and a bit of mischief – while the festival of lights is in full swing.
MONKART	Jin and his dragon monster Draka set out on a racing adventure and try to save the kingdom from evil forces.
New Money	An aspiring fashion designer's life is transformed after she discovers she’s the heiress of a billion-dollar empire left by her estranged father.
Seventeen	To find his therapy dog, a 17-year-old escapes from juvie and embarks on a journey of reconnection with his brother and grandmother through Cantabria.
Spirit Riding Free: Pony Tales	"Find the fun and adventure of ""Spirit Riding Free"" in this mix of music videos and short episodes featuring Lucky and all of her friends!"
Tatu	Doubting her future as a nun, a woman attempts to have a child, triggering a mystic tribal prophecy that could force her to make a godly sacrifice.
Tell Me Who I Am	In this documentary, Alex trusts his twin, Marcus, to tell him about his past after he loses his memory. But Marcus is hiding a dark family secret.
The House of Flowers	In this dark comedy, a wealthy matriarch tries to maintain her family's facade of perfection after her husband's mistress exposes their dirty secrets.
The Laundromat	When a widow gets swindled out of insurance money, her search for answers leads to two cunning lawyers in Panama who hide cash for the superrich.
Toon	Reclusive, socially awkward jingle composer Toon must navigate the nightmarish world of show biz after a viral video skyrockets him to fame.
Unnatural Selection	From eradicating disease to selecting a child’s traits, gene editing gives humans the chance to hack biology. Meet the real people behind the science.
Up North	A pampered heir must complete a year of service work to inherit his dad's assets but unearths new goals when he's placed in an unfamiliar region.
Upstarts	Hoping to do good while making millions, three college graduates create a startup. But as business begins to flourish, their own bond starts to fray.
Verses of Love 2	Now a lecturer in Edinburgh, Fahri tries to begin a new chapter as the love of his life, Aisha, volunteers in the Gaza Strip. Have they moved on?
Chosen	When a mysterious box arrives at his door, a doctor and father is forced to participate in a twisted killing game, or risk losing everything.
The Karate Kid	After moving to Beijing with his mother, Dre falls prey to a bully, so he takes lessons from a martial arts master in this remake of the 1984 classic.
THE UNLISTED	When they learn of a secret plot to track and control kids, identical twins Dru and Kal team up with a band of runaway rebels to take back their world.
Another Miss Oh	A sound director who suddenly starts getting visions of someone else’s future gets mired in the lives of two women, who happen to share the same name.
Ghosts of Sugar Land	Shocked when their friend embraces extremism, a group of Muslim Americans in Texas recount their time with him and theories about his fate.
League of Legends Origins	"Fans, experts and creators of the ""League of Legends"" detail the game’s rise from free demo to global esports titan."
Park Na-rae: Glamour Warning	Korea’s beloved comedian and favorite big sister figure talks sex, relationships and celebrity life. And she’s sassier and dirtier than ever before.
Second 20s	Facing major changes, a mother realizes it's time to live for herself and decides to enroll in college, where she finds her dream as well as new love.
Sinister 2	A single mother and her twin sons move into a rural house, unaware of its history of being inhabited by an evil spirit that preys upon young children.
The Game Changers	Special Forces trainer James Wilks asks elite athletes to compare the merits of meat, protein and plants for building strength. Spoiler: plants win.
Black Money Love	After a cop's fiancée and a jewelry designer's father are found dead together, the two bereaved ones face a perilous aftermath of a theft gone wrong.
Dark Crimes	A detective on a cold murder case discovers that a famous writer’s latest novel contains details chillingly similar to the crime he’s investigating.
Homeland	Determined to trace her ancestral history, an Armenian woman travels to a French village, where she befriends a kind man and, better yet, finds herself.
Magical Andes	From Argentina to Colombia, this stunning documentary follows five characters who share their deep connection to South America's majestic mountains.
Power Rangers Beast Morphers	A new breed of secret agents must stop a ruthless computer virus and its minions from stealing the unlimited clean energy source that created them.
Saint Seiya	A band of young warriors in magical armor vow to defend the reincarnation of Greek goddess Athena against evil forces and to return her to the throne.
Martin Matte: La vie, la mort...eh la la..!	Quebecois comedy star Martin Matte serves up embarrassing personal stories, a solution for social media trolls and more in this unpredictable special.
Street Flow	Three brothers – a gangster, a scholar and an impressionable teen – learn hard lessons in the gritty suburbs while searching for the means to survive.
The Lies Within	After her father dies and her husband goes missing, Kim Seo-hui teams up with detective Jo Tae-sik and joins the National Assembly.
Bygones Be Bygones	A mother's plan to find her bachelor son a match derails when a new prospect turns up and sinister schemes unfold.
El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie	"Fugitive Jesse Pinkman attempts to outrun his past. Written and directed by ""Breaking Bad"" creator Vince Gilligan, starring Aaron Paul."
Fractured	After his wife and injured daughter disappear from an ER, a man conducts a panicked search and becomes convinced the hospital is hiding something.
Haunted	Real people sit down with friends and family to share terrifying true stories from their past, re-created through chilling re-enactments.
Insatiable	A bullied teenager turns to beauty pageants as a way to exact her revenge, with the help of a disgraced coach who soon realizes he's in over his head.
The Bling Lagosians	With a matriarch bent on having a lavish 51st birthday party, her family's debt is on the verge of exposure, threatening their business – and legacy.
The Forest of Love	A con man and a would-be filmmaking crew force themselves into the lives of two grief-scarred young women. But nothing is as it seems.
The Hook Up Plan	When Parisian Elsa gets hung up on her ex, her best friends secretly hire a male escort to help her move on. But their plan works a little too well.
The Influence	Back in her childhood home to help her sister care for their comatose mother, Alicia must face a dark force from her past that now threatens her child.
YooHoo to the Rescue	In a series of magical missions, quick-witted YooHoo and his can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need.
Beyblade Burst Turbo	Yearning to earn the title of world blading champion, a novice competitor must harness his untamed potential through training and tournaments.
GEN HOSHINO STADIUM TOUR “POP VIRUS”	Singer-songwriter Gen Hoshino takes the stage at the sold out Tokyo Dome in his highly anticipated 2019 Pop Virus dome tour.
Schitt's Creek	Suddenly broke, the formerly filthy-rich Rose family is reduced to living in a ramshackle motel in a town they once bought as a joke: Schitt's Creek.
Ultramarine Magmell	Decades after the sudden birth of a new continent, a young rescuer-for-hire provides aid to adventurers exploring this dangerous, uncharted world.
After	Wholesome college freshman Tessa Young thinks she knows what she wants out of life, until she crosses paths with complicated bad boy Hardin Scott.
Home Is Where the Killer Is	Recovering from cancer, a young woman thinks she’s found a friend when she rents a room from a caring ex-doctor. But empathy soon becomes obsession.
Rhythm + Flow	In this music competition show, judges Tip “T.I.” Harris, Cardi B and Chance the Rapper hit the streets to find the next rap superstar.
Deon Cole: Cole Hearted	"Embracing his belief that comedy is the last raw form of expression, Deon Cole explains the right time to thank Jesus and the wrong time to say ""welp."""
The Spooky Tale of Captain Underpants Hack-a-ween	When Melvin tries to cancel Halloween, clever best friends Harold and George create their own spooky holiday – and it's a huge success!
The Water Diviner	Years after the presumed death of his three sons in battle, a grieving farmer journeys to Turkey to find them and return them to their homeland.
Love for Sale	Richard accepts a bet that he can't find a companion to a friend's wedding, not knowing the dating app he's using includes a 45-day contract.
Legend Quest: Masters of Myth	When mythical creatures come to life, it's up to Leo, Teodora, Don Andrés and Alebrije – super-secret monster hunters – to save the day.
My Country: The New Age	At the end of the Goryeo period, there were those who led the charge to proclaim a new age – and the ordinary individuals who risked everything.
Noblemen	"When he lands the lead in his Christian school's production of ""The Merchant of Venice,"" a secretly gay student is bullied by wealthy upperclassmen."
A Plastic Ocean	When he discovers the world's oceans brimming with plastic waste, a documentary filmmaker investigates the pollution's environmental impacts.
Brother in Love	A robbery leaves a proprietor penniless before his wedding, but becoming a son-in-law to a second family might be the financial solution he needs.
Creeped Out	"A masked figure known as ""The Curious"" collects tales of dark magic, otherworldly encounters and twisted technology in this kids anthology series."
In the Tall Grass	After hearing a boy's cry for help, a pregnant woman and her brother wade into a vast field of grass, only to discover there may be no way out.
Kids on the Block	When their fun in the park is threatened by a neighborhood nagger, a group of friends declares war to play freely on their turf.
Peaky Blinders	A notorious gang in 1919 Birmingham, England, is led by the fierce Tommy Shelby, a crime boss set on moving up in the world no matter the cost.
Raising Dion	A widowed mom sets out to solve the mystery surrounding her young son's emerging superpowers while keeping his extraordinary gifts under wraps.
Rotten	This docuseries travels deep into the heart of the food supply chain to reveal unsavory truths and expose hidden forces that shape what we eat.
Super Monsters	Preschool kids whose parents are the world's most famous monsters try to master their special powers while preparing for kindergarten.
Super Monsters: Vida's First Halloween	The Super Monsters share their Halloween traditions with Vida, then get invited to a Día de los Muertos party in the Howlers' backyard.
Forks Over Knives	According to the research of two food scientists, the popularity of processed foods has led to epidemic rates of obesity, diabetes and other diseases.
Seis Manos	Orphans raised by a martial arts master are plunged into a mystery involving demonic powers, drug cartels, ancient rituals and blood sacrifice.
Border Patrol	This reality TV series follows the men and women of New Zealand's border patrol in their quest to keep their country safe and secure.
Botched Up Bodies	From lifting saggy skin to repairing shoddy breast enhancements, plastic surgeons tackle extreme fixer-uppers.
Bringing Sexy Back	In this reality series, everyday individuals adopt healthier lifestyles and transform their bodies to reclaim their confidence – with dramatic results.
Court Justice	In a bustling local court in Sydney, 12 magistrates preside over different levels of criminal offenses and deliver life-changing verdicts.
Diva Brides	In this reality series, brides-to-be stop at nothing to have their dream weddings despite meager funds, fallouts with friends or even absent grooms.
Ghost Town Gold	Two history buffs with an eye for valuables traverse through forgotten mines and abandoned landmarks in the wild, wild West to score collectibles.
Horror Homes	Dream homes turn into property nightmares when mold, maggots, natural disasters and other inconveniences move in.
Kitten Rescuers	Cat-crazy host Jo Brand follows vets and animal welfare officers who take on daring rescues to save furry felines subjected to different cat-astrophes.
License to Drill: Louisiana	A crew of oil riggers work an off-season job and swap the blistering cold of their native Canada for sunny, Southern comfort in the Big Easy.
Living Undocumented	Eight undocumented families' fates roller-coast as the United States' immigration policies are transformed.
Ready to Mingle	After the man she thought she'd marry breaks up with her, Ana joins a class for single women who are in search of a husband.
Salam - The First ****** Nobel Laureate	Shunned by his country due to religion, Abdus Salam strives for an achievement that would define modern physics and redefine his place back home.
300 Miles to Heaven	Hoping to help their dissident parents, two brothers sneak out of Poland and land as refugees in Denmark, where they are prevented from returning home.
A.M.I.	After losing her mother, a teenage girl bonds with her phone’s artificial intelligence app, a relationship that soon takes a dark and violent turn.
Along Came a Spider	When a girl is kidnapped from a prestigious prep school, a homicide detective takes the case, teaming up with young security agent.
Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure	In this animated outdoor adventure, wolf couple Humphrey and Kate face a crisis when one of their three cubs disappears without explanation.
Bad Boys	In this fast-paced actioner, two Miami narcotics cops are hot on the trail of a master crook who has snatched $100 million worth of heroin.
Bad Boys II	In this hyperkinetic sequel, a pair of Miami narcotics cops investigate a Cuban drug kingpin's connection to Florida's influx of Ecstasy.
Blow	Cocaine smuggler George rises from poverty to become one of the biggest drug dealers in America before his eventual downfall.
Burnistoun	"This sketch series focuses on the eccentric characters in a small Scottish town, including bumbling cops, ""DJ Jesus"" and a disgruntled serial killer."
Candyman	Grad student Helen Lyle unintentionally summons the Candyman, a hook-handed creature made flesh by other people's belief in him.
Carmen Sandiego	A master thief who uses her skills for good, Carmen Sandiego travels the world foiling V.I.L.E.'s evil plans – with help from her savvy sidekicks.
Charlie's Angels	Three beauties use their looks, charm and martial-arts training to kick butt on the trail of stolen software in this reboot of the classic TV series.
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle	In this reboot of the TV classic, the Angels are tasked with finding lost rings encoded with the personal information of people in witness protection.
Cheese in the Trap	In this adaptation of a popular webtoon, a poor student trying to navigate college life gains the attention of a wealthy upperclassman with a dark side.
Chicago Typewriter	A veterinarian and two writers have a mysterious connection to Korean independence fighters from the Japanese colonial period.
College Romance	Three best friends look for love, laughs and some lifelong memories while attending college together.
Crash	In post-Sept. 11 Los Angeles, tensions erupt when the lives of people from all walks of life converge during a 36-hour period.
Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd	This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained title characters' days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school.
Earth to Echo	When a construction project begins in their neighborhood, four friends start receiving bizarre encoded text messages on their cell phones.
Engineering Girls	Three engineering students deal with dorm drama, date around, and do whatever it takes to make their dreams come true.
"Escape from the ""Liberty"" Cinema"	Artistic rebellion ignites at the movies when film characters suddenly speak freely to the audience, prompting a surly censor to combat the uprising.
Exit Wounds	Maverick cop Orin Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally in gangster Latrell Walker to take down a group of dirty Detroit cops.
First Kiss	A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival – her sketchy aunt.
Girls Hostel	Four girls from different backgrounds become unlikely friends when they move into a dormitory for female dental students.
Good Burger	Two L.A. teens with summer jobs at Good Burger try to save their small restaurant when a corporate giant burger franchise moves in across the street.
Good Luck Chuck	Every time Chuck breaks up with a girlfriend, she ends up engaged to her next boyfriend. Soon, women are dating Chuck in hopes of meeting Mr. Right.
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay	Harold and Kumar jump on a plane to catch up with Harold's love interest but must change their plans when Kumar is accused of being a terrorist.
Honey 2	Determined to prove herself as a street dancer, Maria heads from juvie to a Bronx rec center where she's introduced to her dance idol, Honey Daniels.
Hotel Pacific	A motivated teen strives to rise from dishwasher to waiter at a luxury hotel only to tread in the abusive tide of its workplace hierarchy.
House of the Witch	A group of daring teens finds themselves in a fight for their lives inside a haunted house when a sinister spirit crashes their Halloween party.
Inmates	While living under one roof, five close-knit 20-somethings maneuver the highs and lows of friendship, romantic entanglements and finding themselves.
Jealousy and medicine	Tormented by mistrust, a businessman hires a cagey tailor to track his wife's whereabouts with her doctor only to send his mind further down an abyss.
Knowing	An MIT astrophysics professor and his son unearth a string of numbers from a time capsule that seem to reveal a cataclysm that will wipe out humanity.
Limitless	This documentary follows eight women in India who struggle with self-confidence and society's expectations but rediscover themselves through running.
Limmy's Show!	"Scottish comic Brian ""Limmy"" Limond headlines this sketch series featuring him in various roles from a TV psychic to costumed adventurer ""Falconhoof."""
Little Baby Bum: Go Buster	This compilation for preschoolers features a peppy young bus and his first life experiences where bumps in the road won't stop him from a fun ride.
Medium	In 1930s Poland, a powerful psychic steers a group of strangers toward a fated convergence that ensures survival for one and annihilation for others.
Men in Black II	Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones reprise their roles as two highly secretive and unofficial government agents dealing with all things evil and alien.
Miniforce X	Zenos wants to use the Earth’s negative energy for his own good – and it's up to Miniforce X to stop this space alien’s evil plans.
Nikki Glaser: Bangin’	Nikki Glaser bares all in a blistering stand-up special about sex, sobriety and getting over her own insecurities. And she won't spare you the details.
No Reservations	Kate, an uptight chef, finds her life turned upside down when her sister dies in a car accident and she becomes her niece's sole guardian.
Ocean's Thirteen	This entry in the all-star caper franchise finds debonair con man Danny Ocean and his gang taking revenge on a double-crossing Las Vegas kingpin.
Ocean's Twelve	Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in a caper covering three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam.
One Direction: This Is Us	Award-winning documentarian Morgan Spurlock turns his camera on boy band phenomenon One Direction in this combination concert film and backstage pass.
Raging Bull	This gritty biopic of brutal boxer Jake LaMotta portrays a tormented soul rising to the top of his sport, only to be undone by his demons.
Rugrats in Paris: The Movie	The Rugrats take to the big screen and visit Paris when Mr. Pickles gets summoned to fix a giant robot at the EuroReptarland theme park.
Scream 2	Gale has written a best-seller which has been turned into a film. As the movie premiere looms closer, the mysterious deaths begin again.
Senna	This fast-paced documentary profiles Ayrton Senna, one of the greatest drivers in the history of Formula One racing, and a hero in his native Brazil.
Signal	Communicating via a walkie-talkie that transcends time, a profiler from 2015 and a detective from 1989 join forces to tackle crimes and injustice.
Sin City	In these intertwined tales, an ex-con avenges a hooker's death, a gumshoe gets mixed up with dangerous vixens, and a cop saves a dancer from a rapist.
Sinister Circle	A psychologist and her mute son confront evil forces at the site of a terrible tragedy involving an ancestral Ouija board and a demonic secret society.
Supergirl	When she loses her city's vital power supply, Kryptonian Kara follows it to Earth in the hopes of retrieving it. Although gifted with powers like her cousin Superman, Kara struggles to defeat the evil Selena, who now controls the mighty object.
Superman Returns	When Superman returns to Metropolis, he finds that Lois Lane has moved on to another man and Lex Luthor is developing a new plan to rule the world.
Surf's Up	This Oscar-nominated mockumentary goes behind the scenes at the Penguin World Surfing Championship to get a close-up look at the inventors of surfing.
The Bounty Hunter	Bounty hunter Milo Boyd finds his latest assignment downright satisfying as he learns that the bail-jumper he must chase down is his ex-wife, Nicole.
The Bucket List	Two terminally ill men bust out of the cancer ward with a plan to experience life to the fullest before they kick the bucket.
The Cruise	When the captain of a pleasant cruise ship mistakes a mischievous stowaway the entertainment director, wild and wacky hijinks ensue.
The Figurine (Araromire)	When a pair of friends discovers a mystical sculpture in an abandoned shrine, good fortune is bestowed upon them – until luck starts running out.
The Flintstones	The Flintstones hit the big screen in this live-action comedy that finds Fred and Barney struggling to cope with the pressures of work and family.
The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas	Yabba-dabba-doo! Digital dinosaurs rule the day when Fred, Barney, Betty and Wilma take Vegas by storm in this prequel that posits their lives before marriage.
The K2	A fugitive soldier gets swept up in personal and political intrigue when he's hired as a bodyguard for the family of a presidential candidate.
The Liar and His Lover	A talented singer falls in love at first sight with a music prodigy who has an affinity for lies – and a knack for being a hit-making producer.
The lynx	A priest's duties are tested when a young guerrilla asks for absolution while confessing his plans to murder a local man he believes is a traitor.
The Pursuit of Happyness	When Chris and his son are evicted, they face trying times as a desperate Chris accepts an unpaid internship at a stock brokerage firm.
The Rugrats Movie	When his baby brother Dil is born, Tommy Pickles and his pals decide that he's too much responsibility and try to return him to the hospital.
The spiral	When an unbearable stranger arrives at a winter mountain resort and vanishes overnight, his dark past comes to light.
The Squid and the Whale	This insightful drama looks at the crumbling marriage between a self-centered novelist – whose career is waning – and his up-and-coming writer wife.
The Time Traveler's Wife	Due to a genetic disorder, handsome librarian Henry involuntarily zips through time, appearing at various moments in the life of his true love.
Trainspotting	Renton and his mates cope with the gritty realities of heroin addiction. But when Renton gets clean, he can't get away from his friends' nasty habits.
Troy	The love-struck Prince Paris of Troy kidnaps beauty Helen from her husband, setting the two nations on a collision course for war.
Tunnel	While chasing a serial murderer, a detective ends up 30 years in the future, where he tries to solve the case alongside new partners.
Unaccompanied Minors	Five disparate kids, snowed in at the airport on Christmas Eve, try to get back to their families and outsmart a disgruntled airport official.
Walking Out	A suburban teen goes hunting with his estranged father. When a mishap with a bear occurs, he must his use his survival skills to save them both.
Weather forecast	When a delivery of coffins foreshadows a harsh winter, residents of a retirement home escape their confines and rediscover the world outside.
Westerplatte Resists	At the onset of World War II, a Polish infantry lacking firepower fight to build a strong defense and protect their peninsula against enemy forces.
Gotham	Long before he was commissioner, rookie cop James Gordon takes on Gotham City crime and corruption to avenge the murder of Bruce Wayne's parents.
Mo Gilligan: Momentum	Comedian Mo Gilligan blends smooth moves and sharp humor as he riffs on humble beginnings, family dynamics and the complex art of dancing in the club.
Cultivating the Seas: History and Future of the Full-Cycle Cultured Kindai Tuna	An in-depth look at the full-cycle breeding program for bluefin Kindai tuna pioneered by Kinki University’s Aqua Culture Research Institute.
Domino	A Copenhagen police officer hunts for the man who attacked his partner, only to stumble into a high-stakes game of espionage.
TUNA GIRL	A clumsy but cheerful fisheries student struggles to find her place at a research institute renowned for its tuna cultivation. The work isn't easy.
Bard of Blood	Years after a disastrous job in Balochistan, a former Indian spy must confront his past when he returns to lead an unsanctioned hostage-rescue mission.
Deliha 2	While chasing her dream of becoming a chef, Zeliha cooks up trouble in the kitchen with her wild, kooky and unsuspecting ways.
Dragons: Rescue Riders	Twins Dak and Leyla and their dragon friends devote their lives to rescuing others, defending their home of Huttsgalor and having fun along the way.
El Marginal	While investigating a kidnapping, an ex-cop sent to infiltrate a prison finds himself surrounded by dangerous felons who can't know his real identity.
In the Shadow of the Moon	A Philadelphia detective slowly unravels as he nurses a lifelong obsession with an enigmatic female serial killer whose crimes defy explanation.
Skylines	A hip-hop producer gets hurled into the violent world of organized crime when the record label he signs to becomes the center of a deadly drug business.
Sturgill Simpson Presents Sound & Fury	In this anime visual album, a mysterious driver heads deep into a postapocalyptic hellscape toward a ferocious showdown with two monstrous opponents.
The Politician	Rich kid Payton has always known he's going to be president. But first he has to navigate the most treacherous political landscape of all: high school.
Explained	This enlightening series from Vox digs into a wide range of topics such as the rise of cryptocurrency, why diets fail, and the wild world of K-pop.
Malaal	Class divides become thorns in the budding romance between the crony of a nativist Mumbai politician and the new, North Indian resident of his chawl.
The Grandmaster	As the Japanese invasion looms, Chinese kung fu master Ip Man's world changes when rival master Gong Er and her father arrive in his village.
The Inmate	A former Marine poses as an inmate inside a Mexican prison in order to infiltrate a gang suspected of kidnapping a U.S. judge's teen daughter.
Abstract: The Art of Design	Step inside the minds of the most innovative designers in a variety of disciplines and learn how design impacts every aspect of life.
Birders	Bird watchers on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border share their enthusiasm for protecting and preserving some of the world's most beautiful species.
Furie	When traffickers kidnap her daughter from their village, vengeful Hai Phuong returns to Saigon – and her outlaw roots – to take down the abductors.
Glitch	A police officer and a doctor face an emotionally charged mystery when seven local residents inexplicably return from the dead in peak physical form.
Leap!	Félicie and Victor, two young friends in 1880s France, escape from an orphanage to pursue their dreams in Paris, the glittering City of Lights.
Locked Up	Manipulated into embezzling funds for her boyfriend and sentenced to prison, a naïve young woman must quickly learn to survive in a harsh new world.
Oh! Baby (Malayalam)	A surly septuagenarian gets another chance at her 20s after having her photo snapped at a studio that magically takes 50 years off her life.
Oh! Baby (Tamil)	A surly septuagenarian gets another chance at her 20s after having her photo snapped at a studio that magically takes 50 years off her life.
Portlandia	Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein send up the residents of Portland, Ore. Typical targets include artisanal light bulbs and feminist bookstores.
USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage	After becoming stranded in the Philippine Sea during World War II, a tenacious Navy crew faces a dire lack of supplies and a string of shark attacks.
American Horror Story	This twisted Emmy-winning drama plays upon the power of supernatural fears and everyday horrors, exploring humankind's unsettling capacity for evil.
Inside Man: Most Wanted	A hotshot NYPD negotiator butts heads with the FBI and meets his match in a meticulous criminal mastermind as she attempts to rob the Federal Reserve.
Jeff Dunham: Beside Himself	Jeff Dunham takes the stage in Dallas with his old pals Peanut, Walter, José Jalapeño, Bubba J and Achmed to poke fun at himself and American culture.
Resurrection: Ertugrul	When a good deed unwittingly endangers his clan, a 13th-century Turkish warrior agrees to fight a sultan's enemies in exchange for new tribal land.
Manmadhudu 2	Under pressure to marry, a perennial bachelor hires a much younger woman to act as his fiancée, but her bond with his family throws his plan for a loop.
Team Kaylie	After a brush with the law, teen celebrity Kaylie Konrad swaps social stardom for court-ordered chaos as a middle school wilderness club leader.
Under the Eiffel Tower	An American man in the midst of a mid-life crisis travels to the French countryside to find a new lease on life.
BONDING	A New York City grad student moonlighting as a dominatrix enlists her gay BFF from high school to be her assistant.
Do Paise Ki Dhoop Chaar Aane Ki Baarish	When a sex worker hires a gay songwriter to care for her disabled son, the ensuing bonds that form offer a complex portrayal of love and family.
King of Boys	When a powerful businesswoman’s political ambitions are threatened by her underworld connections, the ensuing power struggle could cost her everything.
Merry Men: The Real Yoruba Demons	Four of the richest bachelors in Abuja, Nigeria enjoy a life of fast cars, palatial homes and female attention while concealing their true activities.
Sarah's Key	Paris, 1942: To protect her brother from the police arresting Jewish families, a young girl hides him away, promising to come back for him.
The Wedding Party 2: Destination Dubai	"In this sequel to the 2016 hit ""The Wedding Party,"" a couple's date night ends in an accidental proposal, sparking a series of chaotic family events."
Vagabond	When his nephew dies in a plane crash, stunt man Cha Dal-geon resolves to find out what happened, with the help of covert operative Go Hae-ri.
Between Two Ferns: The Movie	Armed with awkward questions and zero self-awareness, Zach Galifianakis hits the road to find famous interview subjects for his no-budget talk show.
Criminal: France	Secrets emerge and entire cases unravel inside a police interview room in Paris, where suspects and investigators face off in an intricate dance.
Criminal: Germany	In the interview room, detectives go head-to-head with suspects and try to get to the truth – even if it means breaking the rules and risking it all.
Criminal: Spain	Psychological games abound between detectives and suspects in a tense interrogation room, where the search for answers sometimes comes at a moral cost.
Criminal: UK	Within the walls of an interrogation room and with time running out, London investigators go after three suspects, each accused of a grievous crime.
Daddy Issues	Maya finally hooks up with her online dream girl, only to discover she’s deeply involved with an older sugar daddy – a man Maya knows all too well.
Disenchantment	Princess duties call, but she'd rather be drinking. Free-spirited Bean exasperates the king as she wreaks havoc with her demon and elf pals.
Fastest Car	The drivers of exotic supercars put their street cred on the line against deceptively fast sleeper cars built and modified by true gearheads.
Inside Bill's Brain: Decoding Bill Gates	Take a trip inside the mind of Bill Gates as the billionaire opens up about those who influenced him and the audacious goals he's still pursuing.
The Hockey Girls	The passionate members of a girls' roller hockey team chase down victories in the rink while striving to make time for school, family and romance.
Travel Mates 2	When struggling singer Onur decides to return to his old job, incurable klutz Şeref organizes a surprise tour full of pitfalls and mishaps.
True: Tricky Treat Day	It's up to True and her friends to save the day when a hungry Yeti sneaks a forbidden treat and fills the kingdom with Howling Greenies.
Two Sentence Horror Stories	This anthology series of terror features diverse characters facing primal fears in spine-chilling situations that stretch past daily routine.
Kabir Singh	An exalted but short-fused surgeon plunges into a spiral of drugs, alcohol and rage after his intense relationship with his girlfriend turbulently ends.
Océans	This documentary examines the vital role water plays in human existence and the cause-and-effect interplay between oceans and the environment.
The Blacklist	After turning himself in, a brilliant fugitive offers to help the FBI bag other baddies, but only if rookie profiler Elizabeth Keen is his partner.
Come and Find Me	When his photographer girlfriend vanishes, an L.A. graphic designer starts his own investigation and uncovers a web of deceit, crime and corruption.
When the Camellia Blooms	Dongbaek is a single mother. When a potential new love enters her life, she finds ways to defy the social stigmas surrounding her.
A Haunting at Silver Falls: The Return	When the ghost of her serial killer aunt seemingly resurfaces, Jordan must return to Silver Falls in hopes of finally putting an end to the torment.
Ancient Aliens	Were ancient humans really behind some of the most important technological advances in civilized history, or did they have extraterrestrial help?
Avengement	Betrayed by his loan shark brother, a hardened convict escapes from prison while on furlough to exact revenge against the people who made him a killer.
Clive Davis: The Soundtrack of Our Lives	This music-driven documentary charts Clive Davis' 50-year career as one of the world's most influential record moguls.
Five Elements Ninjas	When five ninjas whose fighting styles are based on natural elements unleash their fury on a rival school, a lone survivor vows deadly revenge.
Sebastian Maniscalco: What's Wrong with People?	With his uproarious tirade on modern behavior and decorum, the popular comic tackles the question we've all asked in this hilarious standup special.
The Last Kids on Earth	When zombies and monsters invade his hometown, a scrappy 13-year-old orphan teams up with his friends in hopes of surviving the chaos.
I Am Wrath	Hell-bent on avenging his wife's murder, Stanley Hill summons an old partner's help in exposing a cover-up by crooked cops and slimy politicians.
America's Book of Secrets	This engaging documentary series shares the surprising backstories of familiar institutions like the Pentagon, West Point and the Playboy Mansion.
Bakugan: Battle Planet	Dan Kouzo and his pals bond with mysterious creatures known as Bakugan while fighting sinister forces out to control the world.
Cold Case Files	Masterful detectives utilize forensic science and criminal psychology to re-examine long-standing cases.
Los Tigres del Norte at Folsom Prison	The beloved norteño band Los Tigres del Norte performs for the inmates of Folsom Prison on the 50th anniversary of Johnny Cash's iconic concert.
Pawn Stars	Father Richard Harrison, son Rick and grandson Corey appraise an array of strange objects brought into their Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas.
Steal a Pencil for Me	This moving documentary chronicles the unshakeable romance between a couple who met and fell in love while imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp.
Surviving R. Kelly	In this documentary series on the tangled history of allegations against musician R. Kelly, women give detailed accounts of sexual and mental abuse.
The Curse of Oak Island	On an ominous island off of Nova Scotia, two brothers chase historical theories on a quest for enigmatic treasure.
The Outsider	A frontier sheriff tries to protect his sadistic son from a Chinese railroad worker hellbent on revenge.
The Rap Game	Young lyricists between the ages of 12 and 16 compete for a chance to sign to Jermaine Dupri's label while being mentored by hip-hop and R&B's finest.
The Universe	Discover the secrets of the universe in this series that pairs animation with insights on distant planets, black holes and other celestial marvels.
Oh! Baby	A surly septuagenarian gets another chance at her 20s after having her photo snapped at a studio that magically takes 50 years off her life.
The Crystal Calls Making the Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance	Go behind the scenes with stars, puppeteers and creators as they bring Jim Henson's magical world of Thra back to life in a sweeping fantasy series.
We Have Always Lived in the Castle	The fragile and secretive world of two sisters and their uncle crumbles when their charming cousin arrives with eyes toward the family fortune.
American Warfighter	A Navy SEAL haunted by wartime memories tries to rebuild his life at home, even as one last mission threatens to unravel everything.
Deviant Love	In a tailspin after her marriage collapses, Jamie falls for a helpful gentleman whose interest in her welfare hides sinister motives.
Head Count	A group of college students on a weekend getaway accidentally summon a supernatural entity intent on using them for its deadly ritual.
Hello, Privilege. It's Me, Chelsea	In this documentary, Chelsea Handler explores how white privilege impacts American culture – and the ways it’s benefited her own life and career.
I'm Sorry	Life is a series of awkward situations for comedy writer and mom Andrea, thanks to plenty of neuroses and a knack for sticking her foot in her mouth.
Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress: The Battle of Unato	Ikoma and the Iron Fortress take their fight to the battlegrounds of Unato, joining the alliance to reclaim the region from the kabane horde.
Locked on You	When his chatty nature lands him in trouble, an unlucky meatball seller flees Istanbul and finds a new life on a beautiful island.
Marianne	Lured back to her hometown, a famous horror writer discovers that the evil spirit who plagues her dreams is now wreaking havoc in the real world.
Monarca	After 20 years, Ana María returns to Mexico and vies for control of her family's tequila empire as it threatens to crumble under corruption and secrets.
Shanghai Fortress	A young man falls for a heroic general and soon follows her footsteps as humans defend Earth against extraterrestrials seeking a precious energy source.
Tall Girl	After years of slouching through life, 6-foot-1 teen Jodi resolves to conquer her insecurities and gets caught up in a high school love triangle.
The Chef Show	Writer, director and food enthusiast Jon Favreau and chef Roy Choi explore food in and out of the kitchen with accomplished chefs and celebrity friends.
The Ranch	Being a pro athlete didn't pan out for Colt. Now he's helping his dad and brother keep the ranch afloat, and figuring out how he fits into the family.
Time Trap	While searching for their missing archaeology professor, a group of students discovers a cave where time passes differently than it does on the surface.
Top Boy	Two seasoned drug dealers return to the gritty streets of London, but their pursuit of money and power is threatened by a young and ruthless hustler.
Unbelievable	After a young woman is accused of lying about a rape, two female detectives investigate a spate of eerily similar attacks. Inspired by true events.
The I-Land	Wiped clean of memories and thrown together, a group of strangers fight to survive harsh realities – and the island that traps them.
The Mind, Explained	Ever wonder what's happening inside your head? From dreaming to anxiety disorders, discover how your brain works with this illuminating series.
Turbo	A speed-obsessed snail who dreams of being the world's greatest race car driver gets his chance when an accident imbues him with high-octane speed.
Tobot	They’re robots that can transform into cars – and the Tobots are committed to fighting villains to protect the city and root out crime.
Bill Burr: Paper Tiger	Bill Burr unloads on outrage culture, male feminism, cultural appropriation, robot sex and more in a blistering stand-up special shot in London.
Eat Pray Love	After deciding to reshape her life after divorce, Liz travels around the world in search of good food, spirituality and true love.
Evelyn	Haunted by the suicide of a brother, a director and his kin walk across the U.K. in an emotionally trying, visually sublime journey toward healing.
Our Godfather	In 1986, Tommaso Buscetta became the first top-level Mafia boss ever to testify against the mob. It cost him and his family everything.
Shameless (U.S.)	This dramedy based on a British series centers on siblings in a dysfunctional Chicago family who struggle while coping with their alcoholic father.
Sword Art Online	A video game whiz helps create a new technology that enables players to guide their online avatars with their own bodies – but a dark twist emerges.
Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020	Six strangers share a fabulous house in Tokyo, looking for love while living under the same roof. With no script, what happens next is all up to them.
Norm of the North: King Sized Adventure	Before planning an awesome wedding for his grandfather, a polar bear king must take back a stolen artifact from an evil archaeologist first.
Archibald's Next Big Thing	Happy-go-lucky chicken Archibald may not remember to do his chores, but he never forgets to have fun. After all, life's an adventure!
Article 15	The grim realities of caste discrimination come to light as an entitled but upright city cop ventures into India’s heartland to investigate a murder.
Care of Kancharapalem	From a schoolboy’s crush to a middle-aged bachelor’s office romance, four love stories spanning age, religion and status unfold in a small Indian town.
Ee Nagaraniki Emaindi	In Goa and in desperate need of cash, four childhood friends get another shot at making their long-abandoned dreams of becoming filmmakers come true.
Elite	When three working-class teens enroll in an exclusive private school in Spain, the clash between them and the wealthy students leads to murder.
Hip-Hop Evolution	Interviews with influential MCs, DJs and moguls trace the genre's dynamic evolution from the 1970s through the 1990s in this documentary series.
Jack Whitehall: Travels with My Father	Jovial comic Jack Whitehall invites his stuffy father, Michael, to travel with him through Southeast Asia in an attempt to strengthen their bond.
Kill Me If You Dare	Bogged down with money problems, a couple grows cautious of each other but hit the lottery and decide to stay together – till death do they part.
The Spy	In the 1960s, Israeli clerk-turned-secret agent Eli Cohen goes deep undercover inside Syria on a perilous, years-long mission to spy for Mossad.
American Factory: A Conversation with the Obamas	Barack and Michelle Obama talk with directors Steven Bognar and Julia Reichert about the documentary and the importance of storytelling.
Saawan	Outcast from society and left to die in the wilderness, a young boy with polio embarks on a journey to connect with his mother. Based on a true story.
The Heretics	A withdrawn young woman hunted by a malicious cult is abducted by a brooding stranger and undergoes a bizarre transformation.
The World We Make	A teenage equestrian and a local football player for each other, but simmering racism in their small town puts their relationship to the test.
Watchman	Rushing to pay off a loan shark, a young man breaks into a bungalow to steal the cash, unprepared for the dog standing guard – or the trouble inside.
68 Kill	A hapless guy agrees to help his stunning – but psychotic – girlfriend rob her loathsome sugar daddy in a scheme as ill-conceived as it is violent.
American Psycho	With chiseled good looks that belie his insanity, a businessman takes pathological pride in yuppie pursuits and indulges in sudden homicidal urges.
Dante's Peak	When a volcanologist comes to investigate the recent rumblings of a dormant volcano, a massive eruption has everyone in town fighting for their lives.
Elena	In this documentary, the director remembers a sister who left behind her life under Brazil’s dictatorship and moved to New York with dreams of acting.
First Kill	A stock broker brings his young son back to the town where he grew up for a hunting trip, but things take a dangerous turn when they witness a crime.
For the Birds	A woman with a passion for fowl keeps a menagerie of birds that draws the ire of neighbors, animal rights advocates and even her own family.
Igor	Igor, the brilliant but deformed assistant to mad Dr. Glickenstein, dreams of winning the Evil Science Fair and the heart of village beauty Gretchen.
Just Friends	Years after high school, a once-portly nice guy comes home for the holidays and reunites with a former crush he still has feelings for.
Loo Loo Kids: Johny & Friends Musical Adventures	Music-loving baby Johny goes on dance-filled adventures with his family, friends and adorable critters in this colorful, animated preschooler series.
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.	Agent Phil Coulson, seen in action in Marvel's The Avengers, assembles a team of top S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to investigate bizarre threats.
Mokalik (Mechanic)	A young boy's life shifts when he's sent to work at a mechanic's shop far from his suburban home until an opportunity forces him to make a tough choice.
Moving Art	Experience nature's art as filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg highlights the beauty that lurks in oceans, forests, deserts and flowers.
Mr. Woodcock	When a self-help author learns that his mother has fallen for his sadistic high school gym teacher, he tries to put a stop to their budding romance.
My Sister's Keeper	A former defense attorney finds herself back in court when she and her husband are sued for medical emancipation by their 11-year-old daughter.
Mystic River	Tragedy reunites childhood friends Sean, Dave and Jimmy when they're linked together in a murder investigation about Jimmy's teenage daughter.
Naruto	Guided by the spirit demon within him, orphaned Naruto learns to harness his powers as a ninja in this anime adventure series.
Nature's Weirdest Events	Host Chris Packham examines bizarre natural phenomena from around the globe, from strange creatures to geographical oddities.
Oct-01	Against the backdrop of Nigeria's looming independence from Britain, detective Danladi Waziri races to capture a killer terrorizing local women.
Olmo & the Seagull	A pregnancy forces an actress out of her latest play and into a difficult confrontation with her own rapidly transforming reflection.
Open Season	After saving a deer from a hunter's clutches, a domesticated grizzly finds himself relocated to the wild – and unprepared for the real world.
Phone Swap	A fashion designer and an arrogant businessman reluctantly try to help each other after accidentally swapping phones in the airport.
Poseidon	A tidal wave spells disaster for a ship of New Year's Eve revelers when it capsizes the mammoth vessel, sending passengers into a battle for survival.
Rachel Getting Married	Longstanding family conflicts resurface when a former model who's been in and out of rehab for a decade returns home for her sister's wedding.
Scream	In this new TV series sequel to the classic horror franchise, a cyberbullying incident in Lakewood leads to a murder with chilling echoes of the past.
Serial Killer with Piers Morgan	Through intense prison interviews, Piers Morgan revisits the crimes of three convicted serial killers and learns more about their motives.
Spookley the Square Pumpkin	When a storm terrorizes his patch, a pumpkin cast out for his shape must step up to use his smarts to save the day – and to prove himself.
Stripes	After losing everything, an indolent sad sack impulsively joins the U.S. Army and cajoles his best friend into enlisting, too.
Superbad	Two best friends' quest to buy booze for a party in the hopes of scoring with girls leads them on a series of wacky misadventures.
The Bridge	A Yoruba prince and a young lady from a prominent Igbo family face tribal prejudice and parental pressure when they secretly wed.
The CEO	A group of executives heads to a telecommunications retreat to pick the firm's new CEO until they find themselves in a contest to win – and stay alive.
The Lake House	A lonely doctor begins writing letters to the frustrated architect who lives in her former home, only to discover that they're living two years apart.
The Last Exorcism	Ready to expose his miraculous deeds as mere trickery, a famed evangelist invites a documentary crew to film his final exorcism.
The Saint	Hired by a Russian politician to steal the formula for cold fusion, master thief Simon Templar falls for the scientist who has unlocked the secret.
The Taking of Pelham 123	When a group of hijackers takes passengers aboard a subway train hostage and demand a ransom, it's up to dispatcher Walter Garber to bring them down.
The Walking Dead	In the wake of a zombie apocalypse, survivors hold on to the hope of humanity by banding together to wage a fight for their own survival.
Transformers Rescue Bots Academy	As part of the first class at the Rescue Bots Academy, five Cybertron recruits train under their skilled teachers and take on daring rescue missions.
Transformers: Cyberverse	Optimus Prime and the AllSpark are missing – and only a memory-scrambled Bumblebee holds the key to finding them in this animated sci-fi series.
Uncle Naji in UAE	Two young Yemeni business partners decide to go on vacation in the UAE with a few local friends, but their fun trip soon turns terrifying.
Used Goods	To evade greedy pharmaceutical crooks, a medical scientist disguises himself as a struggling salesman to protect his groundbreaking cancer research.
You Don't Mess with the Zohan	An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secretly fabulous ambition to become a Manhattan hairstylist will do anything to make his dreams come true.
Luo Bao Bei	A bright and spirited seven-year-old girl uses her vivid, dreamlike imagination to navigate everyday adventures alongside her real and imaginary BFFs.
Back to School	Eager to flaunt their success in front of old bullies and teenage crushes, two best friends spend a wild night at their middle school reunion.
CAROLE & TUESDAY	Part-timer Carole meets rich girl Tuesday, and each realizes they've found the musical partner they need. Together, they just might make it.
Feo pero sabroso	When an unattractive man gets engaged to a beautiful woman, their families oppose the union and the priest set to perform the ceremony is kidnapped.
Mi amigo Alexis	When a young soccer fan and his idol forge an unexpected friendship, the connection teaches them both lessons about life and their love of the game.
Mighty Little Bheem	An innocent toddler’s boundless curiosity – and extraordinary might – lead to mischief and adventure in his small Indian town.
Styling Hollywood	Whether styling superstars or elevating A-list homes, couple Jason Bolden and Adair Curtis of JSN Studio connect famous clientele with the chicest looks.
The A List	Romance, rivalry and radical mystery collide as a group of teens attend a remote island sleepaway camp in this suspenseful, supernatural drama.
The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance	As power-hungry overlords drain life from the planet Thra, a group of brave Gelfling unite on a quest to save their world and fight off the darkness.
The Good Bandit	A near-death experience spurs a feared drug lord to leave behind his life of crime and infidelity, to the disbelief of everyone close to him.
The Great British Baking Show	A talented batch of amateur bakers face off in a 10-week competition, whipping up their best dishes in the hopes of being named the U.K.'s best.
True and the Rainbow Kingdom	When something's wrong in the Rainbow Kingdom, bighearted guardian True and her best friend, Bartleby, are there to grant wishes and save the day.
Unbridled	Desperate to keep her husband’s secret, a devoted politician’s wife struggles to stave off threats that could ruin their promising new life.
Expo	Mistakenly accused of kidnapping, a veteran soldier leaves a trail of broken bad guys in his wake as he tries to rescue a teen sex trafficking victim.
Falling Inn Love	When a San Francisco exec wins a New Zealand inn, she ditches city life to remodel and flip the rustic property with help from a handsome contractor.
Kardec	In Catholic 19th-century France, professor Léon Rivail attends a séance and is moved to found spiritism, putting him in the authorities' sights.
Starred Up	A British juvenile offender's violent temper gets him transferred to an adult prison, where he encounters his estranged father.
Workin' Moms	Maternity leave is over and it's time for these four moms to return to work while navigating kids, bosses, love and life in modern-day Toronto.
Droppin' Cash: Los Angeles	This Complex series follows the paper trail of musicians and athletes in Los Angeles as they blow through stacks on the finer things in life.
Travis Scott: Look Mom I Can Fly	"While crafting his Grammy-nominated album ""Astroworld,"" Travis Scott juggles controversy, fatherhood and career highs in this intimate documentary."
Van Helsing	After three years in a coma, Vanessa awakens to a world ravaged by vampires. Now, she and a motley band of fellow survivors fight to stay alive.
Million Pound Menu	Next-gen restaurateurs get the chance to open their own pop-up eateries to impress the paying public – and a panel of discerning U.K. investors.
The Good Place	Due to an error, self-absorbed Eleanor Shellstrop arrives at the Good Place after her death. Determined to stay, she tries to become a better person.
Dave Chappelle: Sticks & Stones	Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in a defiant stand-up special filmed in Atlanta.
One Last Thing	After 25 years of searching, a lonely dentist finds his long-lost daughter but learns that she suffers from a rare medical condition.
Drink Drank Drunk	Too hungover to report as a witness in a criminal trial the day after his birthday party, a young man and his pals do some unexpected soul-searching.
Fanatic	When a successful young rap star has an affair with an obsessive fan, his life is turned upside down when she kidnaps him.
13 Reasons Why	After a teenage girl's perplexing suicide, a classmate receives a series of tapes that unravel the mystery of her tragic choice.
13 Reasons Why: Beyond the Reasons	"Cast members, writers, producers and mental health professionals discuss some of the difficult issues and themes explored in ""13 Reasons Why."""
HERO MASK	After a rash of mysterious deaths, Crown prosecutor Sarah Sinclair and SSC agent James Blood discover a conspiracy surrounding uncanny new bio-masks.
Kaake Da Viyah	In this zany comedy, a man is torn between the girl he loves and the respective women his warring mother and grandmother have chosen for him to marry.
Marriage Palace	After a young man charms the girl he loves into accepting his proposal, an accidental swap on their wedding day leads him to marry the wrong bride.
Mayday Life	Mayday's Life Tour concert unfolds as five fading superheroes are summoned to save the world from an extraterrestrial enemy that detests sound.
Rust Valley Restorers	Old-school auto collector Mike Hall, his pal Avery Shoaf and son Connor Hall go the extra mile to restore retro cars – and hopefully turn a profit.
Saavat	In rural India, a detective's investigation of seven confounding suicides uncovers revelations about the myths and mindsets of the rest of the village.
The Congress	Actress Robin Wright plays herself in this surreal drama about a film star who agrees to have her digital image recorded for reuse in future films.
Love Alarm	In a world where an app alerts people if someone in the vicinity likes them, Kim Jojo experiences young love while coping with personal adversities.
American Factory	In this documentary, hopes soar when a Chinese company reopens a shuttered factory in Ohio. But a culture clash threatens to shatter an American dream.
Game Over (Hindi Version)	As a series of murders hit close to home, a video game designer with post-traumatic stress must confront her demons, or risk becoming their victim.
Game Over (Tamil Version)	As a series of murders hit close to home, a video game designer with post-traumatic stress must confront her demons, or risk becoming their victim.
Game Over (Telugu Version)	As a series of murders hit close to home, a video game designer with PTSD must confront her demons, or risk becoming their victim.
Hyperdrive	Elite street racers from around the world test their limits in supercharged custom cars on the biggest, baddest automotive obstacle course ever built.
The Girl Allergic to Wi-Fi	When an internet-obsessed teen develops a rare illness that forces her to move to a remote town, she must navigate her relationships without technology.
Gangs of New York	In the crime-ridden slums of New York in the 1860s, vengeful orphan Amsterdam Vallon joins the cutthroat gang of his father's killer, Bill the Butcher.
Our Planet - Behind The Scenes	Years spent recording footage of creatures from every corner of the globe is bound to produce a bit of drama. Here's a behind-the-scenes look.
Simon Amstell: Set Free	Honest, introspective comic Simon Amstell digs deep and delivers a uniquely vulnerable stand-up set on love, ego, intimacy and ayahuasca.
45 rpm	In 1960s Madrid, music producer Guillermo Rojas launches a rock 'n' roll label with the help of aspiring singer Robert and clever producer Maribel.
Apache: The Life of Carlos Tevez	This gritty dramatization of the life of Carlos Tevez shows his rise to soccer stardom amid the harrowing conditions in Argentina's Fuerte Apache.
Better Than Us	A family on the brink of splitting up become the owners of a cutting-edge robot being sought by a corporation, homicide investigators and terrorists.
Blue Exorcist	Determined to throw off the curse of being Satan's illegitimate son, Rin enters the True Cross Academy to become an exorcist, just like his mentor.
Diagnosis	Dr. Lisa Sanders crowdsources diagnoses for mysterious and rare medical conditions in a documentary series based on her New York Times Magazine column.
For Love or Money	When a goofy but likable millionaire discovers his fiancée’s plan to steal his wealth, he devises an unromantic scheme to make her life a living hell.
Green Frontier	When a young Bogotá-based detective gets drawn into the jungle to investigate four femicides, she uncovers magic, an evil plot and her own true origins.
Gunslinger Girl	On the surface, the Social Welfare Agency appears to help orphaned schoolgirls, but it's actually turning them into lethal agents.
Invader Zim: Enter the Florpus	When Zim reappears to begin the next phase of his evil alien plan to conquer Earth, his nemesis Dib Membrane sets out to unmask him once and for all.
MINDHUNTER	In the late 1970s two FBI agents expand criminal science by delving into the psychology of murder and getting uneasily close to all-too-real monsters.
QB1: Beyond the Lights	This riveting series follows three star high school quarterbacks as they play their final season before moving on to Division I college football.
Selfless	A dying tycoon has his consciousness transplanted into the body of a healthy young man, only to make a troubling discovery about the body's origin.
Sextuplets	When a dad-to-be learns he's actually a sextuplet, he sets off on a wild journey to meet his long-lost family. Marlon Wayans stars as all six siblings.
Super Monsters Back to School	The Super Monsters welcome Vida to her new home in Pitchfork Pines with a tour of their favorite places, then help her through her first day at school.
The King's Avatar	When an elite gamer is forced out of his professional team, he becomes a manager of an Internet café and reinvents himself to return to online glory.
The Little Switzerland	The discovery of the tomb of William Tell’s son in a town in the Basque Country spurs the village's cantankerous citizens to lobby for Swiss annexation.
Victim Number 8	No one can be trusted after a terrorist bombing in Bilbao kills seven and destroys the lives of the suspected jihadi and everyone around him.
Cannon Busters	Immortal renegade Philly the Kid and his transforming pink Cadillac join a relentlessly upbeat friendship droid on her quest to find a missing prince.
Chhota Bheem Kungfu Dhamaka	Chhota Bheem is in China for a martial arts competition but his real challenge: to save the emperor’s daughter from being kidnapped by the villain Zuhu!
Sacred Games	A link in their pasts leads an honest cop to a fugitive gang boss, whose cryptic warning spurs the officer on a quest to save Mumbai from cataclysm.
Til Death Do Us Part	Based on the speculative short stories of MirrorFiction, this sci-fi thriller anthology plunges headlong into our deepest desires – and darkest fears.
Whindersson Nunes: Adult	Brazilian YouTube sensation Whindersson Nunes revisits his humble beginnings and much more in a series of playful stories and peculiar songs.
Happy Jail	The Philippine jail known for a viral Michael Jackson dance video comes under the management of an ex-convict, sparking controversy and criticism.
The 100	A century after Earth was devastated by a nuclear apocalypse, 100 space station residents are sent to the planet to determine whether it's habitable.
Uyare	An aspiring pilot fights for her future – and justice – after surviving an acid attack from her abusive boyfriend.
90 ML	Four friends shake up their lives when they meet a new woman in their apartment complex who encourages them to embrace their wild sides.
Calum von Moger: Unbroken	Bodybuilder and two-time Mr. Universe, Calum von Moger, reflects on his rise to fame and battle to come back from a debilitating injury.
Hasta los dientes	This documentary follows the controversy surrounding the 2010 murders of two students, who were framed as criminals and killed by the Mexican military.
Knightfall	Fifteen years after the Crusades ended in defeat, a veteran knight becomes master of his order's Paris temple and discovers a shocking secret.
Tiffany Haddish Presents: They Ready	Hand-picked by Tiffany Haddish, six diverse comedians showcase their raw humor in a series of specials oozing with energy.
Woodstock	For the 50th anniversary of the legendary Woodstock festival, organizers and attendees reminisce about one of the defining moments of the 1960s.
DC Super Hero Girls	As Metropolis High students, super teens Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Bumblebee, Batgirl, Zatanna, and Green Lantern fight crime, classwork and crushes.
Cable Girls	In 1920s Madrid, four women at the National Telephone Company ring in revolution as they manage romance, friendship and the modern workplace.
Colin Quinn: Red State Blue State	Stand-up comedian Colin Quinn calls out the hypocrisies of the left and the right in this special based on his politically charged Off-Broadway show.
GLOW	"In 1980s LA, a crew of misfits reinvent themselves as the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling. A comedy by the team behind ""Orange Is the New Black."""
IZombie	A medical student-turned-zombie tries to retain her humanity by eating brains at the morgue and finds she has an uncanny new gift for solving crimes.
Jaoon Kahan Bata Ae Dil	A couple’s caustic, increasingly jarring interactions over a Mumbai evening strain their relationship until it threatens to break at its fraying seams.
Rocko's Modern Life: Static Cling	After 20 years in space, Rocko struggles to adjust to life in 21st century O-Town and makes it his mission to get his favorite show back on the air.
Sintonia	Three teens living in the same São Paulo favela pursue their dreams while maintaining their friendship, amid a world of music, drugs and religion.
The Family	An enigmatic conservative Christian group known as the Family wields enormous influence in Washington, D.C., in pursuit of its global ambitions.
The InBESTigators	Four clever school kids start their own detective agency and vlog about their adventures, becoming fast friends in the process.
Tiny House Nation	Traveling the U.S., host John Weisbarth and expert Zack Giffin are helping families prep for the tiny lifestyle and create hypercustomized mini homes.
Westside vs. the World	A look into the journey of influential strength coach Louie Simmons and the Westside Barbell gym he founded, evolving the sport of powerlifting.
Bad Guys	Reinstated to eradicate the worst crimes in the city, a detective requests the release of three convicts to enlist their help in catching the felons.
Dollar	Beautiful executive assistant Zeina reluctantly teams up with the self-assured Tarek to chase down an elusive dollar bill worth $1 million.
Jane The Virgin	After vowing to remain chaste until marriage, Jane Villanueva learns she's pregnant due to a medical slip-up and has to rethink her future.
Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer	In this family film, never-dull third-grader Judy Moody embarks on a summer adventure with her brother, Stink, and always-up-for-fun Aunt Opal.
Let's Eat 2	Two classmates from elementary school reunite as next-door neighbors and discover their relationship was – and still is – defined by food.
Let’s Eat	With the help of her neighbors, a divorced woman residing in a one-person-household apartment complex learns to balance living alone and eating well.
Misaeng	Equipped with nothing more than a GED and strategies for the game of go, an office intern gets thrown into the cold reality of the corporate world.
Oh My Ghost	Possessed by the ghost of a lustful virgin, a timid assistant chef becomes confidently libidinous, drawing the attention of a haughty culinary star.
Reply 1994	All hailing from various parts of Korea, a group of college students go from being complete strangers to a big happy family at a Seoul boarding house.
Reply 1997	As a teen, Shi Won was obsessed with a boy band. Now 33 years old, Shi Won and her friends are reviving their memories as their school reunion nears.
Roll Red Roll	This compelling documentary follows the 2012 Steubenville, Ohio rape case, putting social media and high school football culture in the spotlight.
St. Agatha	Unwed and pregnant, a young woman flees her abusive home in 1950s Georgia and takes refuge at a mysterious convent with a terrible secret.
The Naked Director	In 1980s Japan, one determined man turned every crushing setback into opportunity. His name was Toru Muranishi, and he revolutionized his industry.
Wu Assassins	An unassuming San Francisco chef becomes the latest in a long line of assassins chosen to keep the mystical Wu powers out of the wrong hands.
Badla	When a woman is accused of killing her lover, a renowned lawyer is hired – but the more they try to  untangle the truth, the more convoluted it becomes.
The Pursuit	In a time of turbulence for the free market system, one economist explores how it has lifted billions out of poverty, and might just save us all.
Theo Von: No Offense	Southern charmer Theo Von offers up a twisted take on his dating mishaps, meeting Brad Pitt, chasing down fugitive chimpanzees and more.
Crazy Beautiful You	A rebellious daughter accompanies her mother on a medical mission where she falls for the handsome politician's son assigned to be her chaperone.
I'm Brent Morin	In a witty solo show, Brent Morin serves up infectious laughs on the agony of puberty, hot guy problems and the time a girl dumped him for a magician.
Jim Jefferies : BARE	Nothing is sacred in this show from Australian comic Jim Jefferies, whether it’s the mother of his child, auditioning disabled actors, or gun control.
Professor Mack	When a confident college professor is courted by four eligible and well-established men, she struggles to decide who she likes the best.
Screwball	A steroid peddler explains how he went from an unlicensed anti-aging expert to the point man for the biggest scandal in baseball history.
Sebastian Maniscalco: Why Would You Do That	Sebastian Maniscalco delivers an expressive stand-up at the legendary Beacon Theatre on Whole Foods, family nicknames and dodging obnoxious neighbors.
Alarmoty in the Land of Fire	While vacationing at a resort, an ornery and outspoken man is held captive by a criminal organization.
Detention Letter	A man begins to regret his choices when his brother decides to join him as a member of the same terrorist organization.
Enter the Anime	What is anime? Through deep-dives with notable masterminds of this electrifying genre, this fast-paced peek behind the curtain seeks to find the answers.
No Good Nick	A family finds their lives turned upside down when a teenage con artist shows up on their doorstep, claiming she's a distant relative.
No One Will Ever Know	A mother and young son escape into their own imaginations to ignore the reality of their lives in rural Mexico.
Misfit	After living in America for years, a teenage girl moves back to the Netherlands and is quickly singled out as a misfit by the popular clique at school.
Ask the StoryBots	Five curious little creatures track down the answers to kids' biggest questions, like how night happens or why we need to brush our teeth.
Basketball or Nothing	Follow the Chinle High basketball team in Arizona's Navajo Nation on a quest to win a state championship and bring pride to their isolated community.
Care Bears: Welcome to Care-a-Lot	Nestled in a faraway cloud is a rainbow-colored world called Care-a-Lot, home to the magical Care Bears who each have a special talent.
Dear White People	"Students of color navigate the daily slights and slippery politics of life at an Ivy League college that's not nearly as ""post-racial"" as it thinks."
Derry Girls	Amidst the political conflict of Northern Ireland in the 1990s, five high school students square off with the universal challenges of being a teenager.
For Greater Glory	When a vicious war against Catholics is waged in Mexico in the 1920s, a retired general joins the militia fighting to preserve religious freedom.
Léa & I	Best friends Léa and Camille explore the notion of healing while traveling to Latin America in search of a cure for a terminal disease.
Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir	When Paris is in peril, Marinette becomes Ladybug. Little does she know, her school crush Adrien is actually Cat Noir, another city-saving superhero.
Now and Then	Waxing nostalgic about the bittersweet passage from childhood to puberty, four childhood girlfriends recall the magical summer of 1970.
Otherhood	Feeling forgotten on Mother's Day, three best friends leave the suburbs and drive to New York City to surprise their adult sons.
Uriyadi 2	When a chemical plant's poor conditions cause tragedies, an employee leads a protest against the company’s callous owner and local politicians.
3 Idiots	While attending one of India's premier colleges, three miserable engineering students and best friends struggle to beat the school's draconian system.
Are We Done Yet?	When authorities arrest his young son, a taxi driver must convince the courts and rabid media that he's not the criminal they seek.
Boyka: Undisputed	The fourth film in the action franchise finds Boyka taking on brutal gangsters to protect the widow of a man he unintentionally killed in the ring.
Clash of the Titans	If he is to save the life of the beautiful Princess Andromeda, the valiant Perseus must battle a host of powerful, beastly enemies.
Darna Mana Hai	Stranded in a jungle when their car breaks down, six friends pass their time exchanging horror stories, unaware that they may be part of one themselves.
Ek Hasina Thi	Imprisoned for underworld crimes she didn’t commit, a vengeful woman breaks free and goes scorched earth on the smooth-talking suitor who framed her.
Ferrari Ki Sawaari	A father winds up involved with a stolen Ferrari as he tries to acquire the money to send his son to the leading cricket academy.
Four Weddings and a Funeral	A commitment-phobic Brit tries to reconnect with an alluring American who's about to make a seemingly awful mistake by marrying a wealthy, boring man.
Grand Designs	Host Kevin McCloud presents people who take self-building houses to a new level, following every step of their ambitious plans from beginning to end.
Heartland	Spunky teenager Amy is reeling from the sudden death of her mother when she and her grandfather are threatened with the loss of their horse ranch.
Horns	Accused of murder, Ig Perish wakes up one day to find he's grown a set of horns – compelling people to confess their sins to him.
Jackie Brown	When an aging flight attendant's caught smuggling cash and forced to help with an investigation, she hatches a clever plan to make off with the dough.
Jupiter Ascending	A young impoverished woman learns she's been predestined to change the fate of the universe after a genetically engineered hunter tracks her down.
Khaani	After a rich politician's son kills a young woman's brother, an unlikely romantic connection complicates her pursuit of justice.
Last Knights	A nobleman who values his people's well-being over his emperor's edicts is killed. His knights vow revenge.
Manu	The relationship between a painter and his admirer unfolds as an abstract, twist-filled hide-and-seek game against the backdrop of murder and revenge.
MI-5	When a terrorist escapes custody, MI-5 director Harry Pearce becomes the scapegoat. But the wily veteran still has some spycraft tricks up his sleeve.
Panic Room	A woman and her daughter are caught in a game of cat-and-mouse with burglars in their New York City home and are forced to retreat inside a vault.
Regiment Diaries	Historical footage and interviews with soldiers showcase war stories, unique traditions and unifying principles of the Indian Army’s various regiments.
Rocky	Sylvester Stallone shot to fame as Rocky Balboa, an unknown fighter who's given a shot at fighting world champ Apollo Creed as a publicity stunt.
Rocky II	Featuring a rousing climax, this engaging sequel finds boxer Rocky Balboa returning to the ring for a rematch against reigning champ Apollo Creed.
Rocky III	After taking a pounding from a powerful young fighter, humbled world champ Rocky Balboa turns to ex-rival Apollo Creed for help in regaining his form.
Rocky IV	Rocky Balboa takes on the Cold War, coming out of retirement to battle a Soviet fighter who pulverized Rocky's friend and former rival, Apollo Creed.
Rocky V	Inspired by the memory of his trainer, a broke and seemingly careerless Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer.
Rumor Has It	"When Sarah travels to California for her sister's wedding, she hears a rumor that her family was the real-life inspiration for ""The Graduate."""
Running Out Of Time	Held hostage by men searching for a secret her late husband left behind, a recent widow and her family race against time to find a way out.
Sleepless Society: Nyctophobia	Following the death of her child, a grief-stricken woman struggles to find peace until a mysterious boy appears, claiming to be her reincarnated son.
Something's Gotta Give	Still sexy at 60, Harry Sanborn wines and dines women half his age. But a getaway with his girlfriend goes awry when her mother drops in unannounced.
Space Cowboys	A retired engineer agrees to help NASA prevent a Russian satellite from falling to Earth if he and his over-the-hill pals can man the mission.
The Chefs' Line	Home cooks face off against trained chefs to see if passion can beat profession in the kitchen in this reality competition show.
The Sinner	When a young mother inexplicably stabs a stranger to death, a sympathetic detective struggles to unlock the mystery buried in her missing memories.
To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar	Three New York drag queens on their way to Hollywood for a beauty pageant get stranded in a small Midwestern town when their car breaks down.
Wazir	Helping an amputee grandmaster settle the score for his tragic past, a grieving detective unravels a conspiracy more complicated than he imagined.
Wentworth	Bea Smith is locked up while awaiting trial for the alleged attempted murder of her husband and must learn how life works in prison.
White Chamber	When a civil war ravages the UK, a scientist awakens in a futuristic cell and is tortured by her captor for information she claims she doesn't possess.
Bangkok Love Stories: Innocence	From a teenage parkour enthusiast to a bawdy restaurateur, an eclectic group of characters find romance in Bangkok's glittering Silom district.
Ramen Shop	Ramen chef Masato travels to Singapore to retrace his mother's life and finds a deeper understanding of his family history and culture.
The Letdown	Audrey, mother of a 2-month-old, joins a new-parents support group, where she makes some quirky friends facing various challenges and life changes.
The Red Sea Diving Resort	Undercover agents open up a fake hotel to real tourists as a cover to help smuggle thousands of Ethiopian refugees to safety. Inspired by true events.
7 (Seven)	Multiple women report their husbands as missing but when it appears they are looking for the same man, a police officer traces their cryptic connection.
All Good Ones Get Away	When a mysterious figure blackmails an adulterous couple during a romantic getaway, their secret affair turns into a fight for survival.
American Hangman	A judge’s kidnapping is streamed live on social media, as a vengeful loner puts him on trial for supposedly sending an innocent man to his death.
Whitney Cummings: Can I Touch It?	In her fourth stand-up special, Whitney Cummings returns to her hometown of Washington, D.C., and riffs on modern feminism, technology and more.
Mission of Honor	As Hitler's Nazis threaten to take command of Britain's skies, a squadron of Polish pilots arrives to aid the Royal Air Force against a mutual enemy.
The Croods	When an earthquake obliterates their cave, an unworldly prehistoric family is forced to journey through unfamiliar terrain in search of a new home.
Twelve Forever	Reggie's wild imagination unlocks a weird and wonderful world where she can be herself – and escape the pressures of growing up.
1st Summoning	Student filmmakers uncover occult rituals tied to an abandoned warehouse, then gradually realize the horror is closer than they think.
Big Dreams, Small Spaces	Writer and presenter Monty Don helps England's budding horticulturists plant and grow the gardens of their dreams.
Boi	A young chauffeur who's at a crossroads in his life escorts a pair of clients around Barcelona and becomes embroiled in their mysterious quest.
Eerie	When a student's suicide rattles an all-girls Catholic school, a clairvoyant guidance counselor leans on a ghost to uncover the convent's abusive past.
Fake or Fortune?	Fiona Bruce and Philip Mould use investigative skills and scientific techniques to determine if paintings are real or just impressive forgeries.
Girls With Balls	Stranded in the woods and eyeballed by twisted hunters, members of a women’s volleyball team bump it up in the most dangerous game of their lives.
Guy Martin: Last Flight of the Vulcan Bomber	Guy Martin assists in preparing the last airworthy Vulcan bomber for a farewell tour while revealing the stories behind the iconic aircraft.
Love Your Garden	Famed horticulturist Alan Titchmarsh hosts this uplifting show in which he and his team travel the U.K. planting dream gardens for deserving citizens.
Mary Portas: Secret Shopper	Retail consultant Mary Portas collaborates with Britain's most complained-about stores to help them better serve fed-up customers.
Monty Don's French Gardens	TV personality Monty Don visits France’s most famous gardens to dig up the influence of power, culture and passion on their conceptions and designs.
Monty Don's Italian Gardens	From horticultural hideaways to luxurious botanical displays, TV personality Monty Don explores the history behind Italy’s most extraordinary gardens.
My First First Love	Due to various personal reasons, a group of Yun Tae-o’s friends move into his house, where they experience love, friendship, and everything in between.
Orange Is the New Black	"A privileged New Yorker ends up in a women's prison when a past crime catches up with her in this Emmy-winning series from the creator of ""Weeds."""
Sugar Rush	Time's the most important ingredient as teams race against the clock – and each other – to bake up the best-tasting sweets.
The Exception	During World War II, a Nazi officer charged with protecting an exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II from spies begins a steamy affair with a secretive Dutch maid.
The Son	In this psychological thriller, painter Lorenzo's life spirals out of control as he fears his wife is trying to isolate him from their infant son.
The Worst Witch	After stumbling into a school for witches, a bumbling heroine comes to realize that she just might belong there. Based on Jill Murphy's beloved books.
Another Life	After a massive alien artifact lands on Earth, Niko Breckinridge leads an interstellar mission to track down its source and make first contact.
The Great Hack	Explore how a data company named Cambridge Analytica came to symbolize the dark side of social media in the wake of the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Eurovision Song Contest	Singers from all over Europe represent their countries in an international showdown and vie for superstar glory.
The Competition	"After developing an ""infidelity formula"" said to repel cheating, a popular blogger crosses paths with a charming lawyer willing to put it to the test."
Inglourious Basterds	A Jewish cinema owner in occupied Paris is forced to host a Nazi premiere, where a group of American soldiers called the Basterds plans a face-off.
My Hotter Half	Couples compete to see who can take the sexiest selfie, with the loser getting a much-needed makeover.
Storage Wars: Northern Treasures	In Canada, a colorful collection of treasure-seeking scavengers bid on the largely unknown contents of repossessed and abandoned storage units.
Unfinished Song	With his wife terminally ill, Arthur's future seems grim. But he learns to find joy in life again when he joins an unconventional church choir.
Beat Bugs	With songs made famous by the Beatles, five friendly bugs learn big lessons about the world around them – all from the safety of their own backyard.
Bewafaa	A young woman faces pressure to marry her brother-in-law, after her sister dies while giving birth. But she's secretly in love with someone else.
Connected	"In this remake of ""Cellular,"" a debt collector becomes embroiled in intrigue after answering a random phone call from a stranger begging for help."
D.L. Hughley: Contrarian	D.L. Hughley riffs on hot-button political issues, celebrity scandals, his mother's tough love and more in a rapid-fire stand-up show in Philadelphia.
Demetri Martin: The Overthinker	With his signature one-liners and drawings, Demetri Martin muses on doughnut holes, dogs, sports bars, the alphabet's most aggressive letters and more.
The Beast Stalker	Feeling guilty after a high-speed chase leaves a girl dead, a determined sergeant pursues the crime boss who triggered the fatal car accident.
The Midas Touch	A debt collector takes over the management of a group of starlets after their talent agent defaults on a loan, but soon finds he's in over his head.
The Twins Effect II	An empress rules over a land where men are subservient to women. But a prophecy reveals that a boy will become king and restore the male regime.
Twins Mission	To retrieve a healing bead stolen from its guardian monks, a pair of bickering twin sisters face off against an entire gang of rival twins.
May You Prosper	A man's inability to conquer his personal insecurities and distrust of other people leads to problems with his on-again, off-again wife and their son.
Sexy Central	In the bustling center of Hong Kong, five young women reckon with betrayal, unrequited love and other matters of the heart.
Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee	Jerry Seinfeld's roving talk show combines coffee, laughs and vintage cars into quirky, caffeine-fueled adventures with the sharpest minds in comedy.
Iron Cowboy: The Story of the 50.50.50	A record-setting triathlete dares to complete 50 Ironman races – a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride, and a 26.2-mile run – in 50 days in 50 states.
La casa de papel	Eight thieves take hostages and lock themselves in the Royal Mint of Spain as a criminal mastermind manipulates the police to carry out his plan.
Last Chance U	In a docuseries set at one of NCAA football's most fertile recruiting grounds, guys with red flags seek to prove their worth on the field and in class.
Queer Eye	An all-new “Fab Five” advise men on fashion, grooming, food, culture and design in this modern reboot of the Emmy Award-winning reality series.
The Epic Tales of Captain Underpants	Fourth-grade friends George and Harold have a shared love of pranks and comic books – and turning their principal into an undies-wearing superhero.
Typewriter	Three young friends in Goa plan to search an old villa for ghosts, but when a new family moves in, the home’s buried past resurfaces in chilling ways.
Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung	Free spirit Goo Hae-ryung embarks on a new life as a scholar in the Joseon royal court after hearing about a government post for women historians.
Secret Obsession	When Jennifer wakes up with amnesia after a traumatic attack, her doting husband cares for her. But she soon realizes the danger is far from over.
Short Term 12	A new charge at a foster care facility dredges up the memories of a young supervisor's own troubled past, and her tough exterior begins eroding.
Mauli	An unconventional police officer faces off against a gang of thugs as he tries to bring order to the far-flung village he’s been stationed in.
Pinky Malinky	Pinky Malinky sees the bright side of everything, including being born a hot dog. With his BFFs in tow, this little wiener takes a bite out of life.
Unrequited Love	A complicated, one-sided secret attraction sends ripples through the lives of a mild-mannered student and her dashing classmate.
Bogda	An aspiring dancer accompanies her terminally ill mother on one last road trip that alternately strains and strengthens their knotty relationship.
Frankenstein’s Monster’s Monster, Frankenstein	When actor David Harbour finds lost footage of his father's disastrous televised stage play of a literary classic, he uncovers shocking family secrets.
Jack of all Trades	Once upon a time, baseball cards were as much an American pastime as the sport. But then scandal rocked the multi-million-dollar industry for good.
The Break-Up	Cohabitating couple Gary and Brooke's petty spats turn into an all-out battle for their home condo.
The Princess and the Frog	In New Orleans during the Jazz Age, a beautiful girl named Tiana has a fateful encounter with frog prince who desperately wants to be human again.
We Belong Together	A divorced professor shares a night of passion with a troubled student who quickly develops an unhealthy – perhaps deadly – infatuation.
Wynonna Earp	The outcast descendant of lawman Wyatt Earp teams up with an immortal Doc Holliday to rid the world of demonic revenants from the Wild West.
Angel Beats!	In a high school that's a way station to the afterlife, a teenager gets caught up in the battle for the rights of those in this purgatorial world.
Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day	A teen haunted by the spirit of an old friend summons the other members of their childhood club to help fulfill the girl's final wish.
God Eater	An enemy immune to conventional arms has caused the collapse of civilization and humanity's only hope lies in a new living weapon: the God Arc.
GRANBLUE FANTASY the Animation	In a world where islands float in the sky, Gran encounters a mysterious girl wanted by the Erste Empire for her ability to summon Primal Beasts.
Grizzy et les Lemmings	Strong, whip-smart Grizzy rules a Canadian forest, where he has his paws full with a family of frolicsome lemmings.
Love Shot	A charming hitman questions his profession after learning his next target is the karaoke singer he’s falling in love with.
Plaire, aimer et courir vite	When a Paris-based writer with AIDS meets a college student exploring his sexuality, romance blossoms in his waning days.
3Below: Tales of Arcadia	After crash-landing on Earth, two royal teen aliens on the run struggle to blend in with humans as they evade intergalactic bounty hunters.
4L	Hoping to reunite with a dying friend, two longtime pals re-create their desert road trip from Spain to Mali, bringing along his estranged daughter.
Age Gap Love	Despite the social backlash and challenges that come with intergenerational romance, these couples choose to stick together through thick and thin.
Ainsley Eats the Streets	Celebrity chef Ainsley Harriott embarks on a journey around the world to explore the relationship between local street foods and cultural identity.
Black & Privileged: Volume 1	When low-income families move into a thriving black community in Chicago, they find themselves at odds with politicians to maintain their status.
Blown Away	Ten master artists turn up the heat in glassblowing sculpture challenges for the chance to win $60,000 in prizes and the title of champion.
Bonus Family	A new couple, their exes and their children navigate the emotional challenges and tricky logistics of blended family life in this Swedish dramedy.
Cities of Last Things	In a dystopian tale unfolding in reverse chronology, a man with a complicated past takes revenge on the individuals who wronged him decades ago.
Encounters with Evil	This documentary series tries to get at the root of some of the most heinous crimes ever committed by deranged, cold-blooded criminals.
Extreme Engagement	An engaged couple travels the world for a year to explore marriage customs in diverse cultures. Will the journey bring them closer or tear them apart?
History's Greatest Hoaxes	Using previously unseen footage, this documentary series offers new insights into some of the biggest scams and forgeries in human history.
Kidnapping Stella	Snatched off the street and held for ransom, a bound and gagged woman uses her limited powers to derail her two masked abductors' carefully laid plans.
Luis Miguel - The Series	This series dramatizes the life story of Mexican superstar singer Luis Miguel, who has captivated audiences in Latin America and beyond for decades.
Mega Food	Visiting the busiest kitchens in the world, this reality series focuses on large-scale food production – and the people who make it happen.
MegaTruckers	This reality ride-along offers a glimpse into the can-do, high-stakes world of big rig drivers who haul massive loads of cargo across Australia.
Money for Nothing	Aided by designers and craftspeople, entrepreneur Sarah Moore rescues items bound for the garbage dump and turns them into valuable, unique objects.
Nightmare Tenants, Slum Landlords	The ongoing housing crisis in Britain has led to an increased number of nasty conflicts between fed-up landlords and exasperated tenants.
One Spring Night	When Lee Jeong-in and Yu Ji-ho meet, something unexpected happens. Or it just may be that spring is in the air – and anything is possible.
PILI Fantasy: War of Dragons	As turmoil looms in the Martial World, and the Eight Wonders of the Evil Dragon unleashes dark forces, who will emerge as the new warrior legend?
Point Blank	To save his pregnant wife, an emergency room nurse unwillingly partners with an injured murder suspect in a race against time and renegade cops.
Smart People	An unexpected romance and a surprise visit from his wild brother turn the life of widowed professor Lawrence Wetherhold upside down.
Taco Chronicles	Many of the most popular taco styles have long, rich, little-known histories. Explore some of them in this eye-opening, mouth-watering food adventure.
The Milk System	Farmers, scientists and industry insiders delve into the hidden costs and consequences of global dairy production and offer up possible solutions.
True Tunes	True and her friends are dropping sweet, silly beats with freshly modern music videos set to the sounds of classic nursery rhyme songs.
Chhota Bheem	A brave, energetic little boy with superhuman powers leads his friends on exciting adventures to guard their fellow Dholakpur villagers from evil.
Family Reunion	When the McKellan family moves from Seattle to small-town Georgia, life down South – and traditional grandparents – challenge their big-city ways.
Little Singham Bandarpur Mein Hu Ha Hu	Little Singham's sidekick monkey, Chikki, is stuck in the magical land of Bandarpur! Can the kid cop save his beloved pet before danger strikes?
Parchís: the Documentary	The spotlight's on Parchís, a record company-created Spanish boy/girl band that had unprecedented success with Top 10 songs and hit films in the '80s.
Aziz Ansari: RIGHT NOW	In a comedy special directed by Spike Jonze, Aziz Ansari shares deep personal insights and hilarious takes on wokeness, family and the social climate.
Mary Poppins Returns	In 1930s London, Michael Banks and his three children get some help turning their topsy-turvy world around when his magical childhood nanny reappears.
Krishna Balram	From playing pranks to destroying demons, Lord Krishna and brother Balaram's lives in Vrindavan are action-packed in this mythological series.
The Iron Lady	Margaret Thatcher, the first female prime minister of Britain, navigates a career destined to change the rules of leadership and politics.
Free Rein	A 15-year-old from LA spends the summer at her mom's childhood home on an island off the coast of England, where she bonds with a mysterious horse.
Sicilian Ghost Story	When officials are slow to investigate a mysterious disappearance, a teen girl searches the dark woods on the outskirts of town for the boy she loves.
In The Dark	A blind woman with vices finds herself in the middle of a murder investigation when her best friend turns up dead.
River, el más grande siempre	Experience the highlights of Argentine soccer team Club Atlético River Plate's long history, from its early development to its major victories.
The Legend of White Snake	In this new take on a classic tale, an ancient snake spirit transforms into a beautiful woman and falls in love with a doctor unaware of her true form.
Cristina	In this short documentary, 37-year-old Cristina valiantly battles cancer while doing all she can to encourage others to live in the moment.
Kakegurui	Yumeko Jabami enrolls at Hyakkaou Private Academy, where students are ranked by their gambling winnings and fame and fortune awaits those on top.
Skiptrace	To capture a crime lord who killed his partner and kidnapped his partner's daughter, a Hong Kong detective teams with a smart aleck American gambler.
Stranger Things	When a young boy vanishes, a small town uncovers a mystery involving secret experiments, terrifying supernatural forces and one strange little girl.
The Last Czars	When social upheaval sweeps Russia in the early 20th century, Czar Nicholas II resists change, sparking a revolution and ending a dynasty.
Yummy Mummies	It's drama Down Under when expectant mothers with model good looks and lavish lifestyles pull out all the stops to prepare for their new arrivals.
Bangkok Love Stories: Objects of Affection	A kind computer repairman falls for a street-smart graffiti artist whose multiple personality disorder worsens after she witnesses a double murder.
Bangkok Love Stories: Plead	In Bangkok's Chinatown, a spirited digital marketing expert falls for a blind fortune-teller, but their love is predestined to end in disaster.
Designated Survivor: 60 Days	When the National Assembly suffers a catastrophic attack, Minister of Environment Park Mu-jin must find a way to lead Korea through the ensuing chaos.
Good Witch	Raising her daughter in a small town, an enchanting widow with magical powers provokes the interest and exasperation of a skeptical big-city doctor.
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore	A widowed singer and single mother starts over as a diner waitress in Arizona, befriending her coworkers and romancing a ruggedly handsome rancher.
DreamWorks Kung Fu Panda Awesome Secrets	In this pair of adventures, Po tells the story of how masters Thundering Rhino, Storming Ox and Croc met and takes on Shifu's biggest challenge yet.
Flowering Heart	An ordinary student, who forms an advice club with her friends to help others, gains special powers after a mysterious encounter.
Frozen River	On a Mohawk reservation on the Canadian border, Ray Eddy teams with a widowed tribe member to smuggle illegal immigrants into the United States.
Hatchimals | Adventures in Hatchtopia	These fun-loving creatures hatch from their shells and spread friendship, laughter and life lessons in the land of Hatchtopia.
Inkheart	Unbeknownst to his 12-year-old daughter, a bookbinder has a secret ability to bring characters to life by reading their stories out loud.
Inside the Mind of a Serial Killer	Mixing dramatic re-enactments with real-life footage, this series delves into the tormented psyches of the world's most infamous serial killers.
Katherine Ryan: Glitter Room	Fresh from a tour, comedian Katherine Ryan shares shrewd observations about school bullies, revenge bodies and raising a very fancy child.
Kill the Irishman	This true crime tale charts the rise and fall of mobster Danny Greene, who faced down the Mafia to gain control of organized crime in 1970s Cleveland.
Lady in the Water	When an apartment building manager discovers a water nymph in the complex's swimming pool, he tries to help her return to her mythical home.
Little Monsters	Brian knows there are creatures under his bed. When he faces his fears and confronts them, however, he makes some hilariously weird new friends.
Mean Dreams	Desperate to start a new life with his girlfriend, a teenage boy steals drug money from her father, who happens to be the town's corrupt lawman.
Mean Streets	In New York's Little Italy, a low-level hoodlum wrestles with loyalty to his mobster uncle, his faith and his friendship with an inveterate gambler.
Molang	An imaginative, big-hearted bunny and his friend, a shy chick, explore the everyday joys of their pastel-colored world.
Next	Las Vegas magician Cris can see a few minutes into the future and an FBI agent wants his help thwarting a nuclear attack.
Nights in Rodanthe	When a hurricane hits a coastal North Carolina inn and strands the only guest, surgeon Paul Flanner, a young woman's life changes forever.
NOVA: Bird Brain	Scientists test avian aptitude and challenge concepts of intelligence with examples ranging from puzzle-solving crows to parrots with a sense of time.
NOVA: Black Hole Apocalypse	Astrophysicists show how black holes might hold answers to how the universe evolved, leading to life on Earth and, ultimately, the human race.
NOVA: Building Chernobyl's MegaTomb	Thirty years after Chernobyl’s nuclear disaster, engineers race against time to complete a new dome to contain the reactor’s lethal radiation.
NOVA: Chinese Chariot Revealed	The chariot dominated Chinese warfare for millennia. Now, a team of experts is building their own and unlocking its many secrets.
NOVA: Day the Dinosaurs Died	Drilling into the impact crater of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs, a group of scientists unearths new evidence about the catastrophic event.
NOVA: Death Dive to Saturn	After decades of amazing discoveries, spacecraft Cassini embarks on its final – and most daring – mission: a dive below Saturn’s rings.
NOVA: Decoding the Weather Machine	Scientists investigate Earth’s climate machine, looking for clues across the globe, from Greenland’s ice sheet to the desert of Australia.
NOVA: Eclipse Over America	Scientists reveal how the 2017 solar eclipse provided new clues into how the sun works, from its scorching atmosphere to its deadly solar storms.
NOVA: Extreme Animal Weapons	From huge tusks to giant horns, some animals sport weaponry that’s larger than life. Researchers explain the science behind this biological arms race.
NOVA: First Face of America	During risky expeditions in an underwater cave, scientists unearth a 13,000-year-old skeleton to gain insight into the earliest known humans in America.
NOVA: Holocaust Escape Tunnel	At a former Nazi execution site in Lithuania, an international team of archaeologists searches for a lost escape tunnel dug by Jewish prisoners.
NOVA: Killer Floods	Scientists search for evidence left behind by the world’s greatest floods and predict if climate change will cause even greater aquatic disasters.
NOVA: Killer Hurricanes	Scientists research the world’s deadliest hurricane, trying to understand what this 18th-century storm could tell us about our own future.
NOVA: Killer Volcanoes	Evidence of a mysterious medieval famine leads researchers on a quest for one of the deadliest volcanoes in human history.
NOVA: Poisoned Water	This documentary details how the water disaster in Flint, Michigan happened, its lasting effects, and the lengthy efforts it took to correct it.
NOVA: Prediction by the Numbers	With the science of forecasting flourishing, this documentary explores how predictions inform our lives and statistics and algorithms' reliability.
NOVA: Secrets of the Shining Knight	A master armorer and his team recreate parts of a knight's medieval armor and test its strength while rediscovering centuries-old metalworking secrets.
NOVA: Thai Cave Rescue	An international team of rescue workers race to save 12 young soccer players and their coach trapped in a flooded cave in Thailand.
NOVA: The Impossible Flight	Two adventurous pilots attempt to fly around the world without using any fuel, relying only on the power of the sun.
Nova: Ultimate Mars Challenge	With access to the scientists and engineers responsible for the Curiosity rover's on-the-ground experiments, NOVA captures its landing on Mars.
Paul Blart: Mall Cop	An overzealous security guard finds himself in over his head when he tries to thwart a criminal mastermind's plot to rob an entire shopping mall.
Philadelphia	Philadelphia attorney Andrew Beckett launches a wrongful termination suit against his law firm when they fire him because he's gay and HIV-positive.
Rabbids Invasion	Giant, rambunctious rabbits have invaded and are wreaking havoc on the world. But we'll have to get used to them, because they're not going anywhere!
Race to Witch Mountain	A sister and brother with special powers are on the run from a mysterious organization that wants to take advantage of the siblings' gifts.
Rain Man	A fast-talking yuppie is forced to slow down when he meets the brother he never knew he had, an unusually gifted autistic savant named Raymond.
Record of Grancrest War	Lone mage Siluca wanders the land of Atlatan, disgusted by its greedy nobility. When she meets knight errant Theo, she sees a chance to create peace.
Room on the Broom	A gentle witch with a ginger braid offers rides to a variety of animals on her increasingly crowded broom, much to her grumpy cat's chagrin.
Scream 3	This installment of the tongue-in-cheek horror franchise finds Sidney Prescott once again battling a crazed killer – this time, on a movie set.
Shorts	Chaos erupts when locals learn that an 11-year-old boy has discovered a mysterious rock that grants the wishes of whoever possesses it.
Soul to Keep	Two siblings invite friends to their inherited, remote country home, but the fun stops when the group summons a demonic force from an old spellbook.
Starsky & Hutch	New undercover cop partners Starsky and Hutch must overcome their differences to solve an important case with help from street informant Huggy Bear.
Stone Age	Woody sets out to become the Stone Age's best animal trainer with a little help from his faithful pet dinosaur, Moga.
Swiped	When two college roommates develop a groundbreaking hookup app, casual affairs – and complications – soon run rampant on campus.
Swordfish	Determined to get his mitts on $9 billion in a secret DEA account so he can fight terrorism, a rogue agent recruits an encryption expert to hack in.
Taxi Driver	Enraged by New York's moral rot and urban decay, an unhinged cab driver goes mad, plotting an assassination and saving a teen sex worker.
Tayo the Little Bus	As they learn their routes around the busy city, Tayo and his little bus friends discover new sights and go on exciting adventures every day.
Tayo the Little Bus Movie: Mission Ace	After he loses his favorite racing car, Duri ventures to a mysterious, magical land filled with toys that have been thrown away.
The Accountant of Auschwitz	Decades after WWII, a former SS officer stands trial in his native Germany after being charged for his complicity in the murder of Jews at Auschwitz.
The Book of Eli	Determined to protect a sacred text that promises to save humanity, Eli goes on a quest westward across the barren, postapocalyptic country.
The Brothers Grimm	Brothers Jake and Will Grimm travel from village to village, posing as exterminators of magical creatures. But in reality, they're expert con artists.
The Forbidden Kingdom	Jackie Chan and Jet Li star in this rousing adventure about a martial arts movie fan who finds a mystical staff that transports him to ancient China.
The In-Laws	Daredevil secret agent and father of the groom Steve gives conservative podiatrist and father of the bride Jerry prenuptial jitters when they meet.
The Pink Panther	Bumbling Inspector Clouseau must solve the murder of a world-famous soccer coach and catch the thief who stole his priceless diamond ring.
Titipo Titipo	Titipo the train is out to prove that he's got what it takes to help the folks of Train Village ride the rails safely and reliably.
War Against Women	Filmed over three years in 10 countries, this documentary gives voice to the women who have become victims of sexual violence as weapons of war.
Who's That Knocking at My Door?	A woman's revelation that she was once raped sends her boyfriend, a reformed street thug, into an emotional and spiritual tailspin.
Zombie Dumb	While living alone in a spooky town, a young girl befriends a motley crew of zombie children with diverse personalities.
Inhuman Kiss	A teenage girl is caught between the affections of two childhood friends while battling the bloodthirsty demon inside of her that manifests at night.
Madam Secretary	When a highly capable woman becomes secretary of state, she struggles to find balance between the demands of world politics and those of her family.
Night Moves	A pair of young environmentalists enlist the help of an ex-military explosives expert to carry out a dangerous act of eco-terrorism.
Romeo Akbar Walter	In 1971, a fallen army major’s son is tapped by India's Research and Analysis Wing to serve as an undercover agent in Pakistan in the lead-up to war.
Scare Tactics	This ghoulish but hilarious hidden-camera show from Syfy finds mischievous friends and family members setting up unsuspecting victims for elaborate pranks that use high-quality makeup and special effects to unleash their worst fears upon them.
Pierre Jackson	In the midst of ann arduous divorce battle, a real estate tycoon opts for a life of partying and sex until feelings for his childhood friend surface.
Super Deluxe	Sex, stigma and spirituality merge in these eccentric stories of an angsty teenager, an unfaithful wife and a transgender woman returning to her past.
20th Century Women	In 1979, single bohemian mom Dorothea, hoping to help her teen son find his place as a man, asks two young women to share their lives with him.
7SEEDS	Shy Natsu awakens as part of a group chosen to ensure the survival of humanity. Together, they have to survive on a changed Earth.
Dope	Filmed from the perspectives of dealers, users and the police, this vivid series offers a bracing look at the war on drugs.
El testigo	Colombian photojournalist Jesús Abad Colorado shares the stories behind a series of civil war photographs he captured throughout the '80s and '90s.
Exhibit A	This true crime series shows how innocent people have been convicted with dubious forensic techniques and tools such as touch DNA and cadaver dogs.
Family Business	After learning France is about to legalize pot, a down-on-his-luck entrepreneur and his family race to turn their butcher shop into a marijuana café.
Instant Hotel	Teams of Australian homeowners compete for the title of best Instant Hotel by staying overnight in each other's rentals and rating their experience.
La Leyenda del Diamante	When a gun-toting rebel tries to rescue her kidnapped sister, she finds herself up against a widely feared desperado and a cursed guardian of treasure.
Motown Magic	Imaginative boy Ben transforms his city by bringing colorful street art to life, armed with a magic paintbrush – and the classic sounds of Motown.
Paquita Salas	One of Spain's best talent agents in the '90s, Paquita now finds herself searching desperately for new stars after suddenly losing her biggest client.
Staged Killer	After a popular morning television host bumps into an old acquaintance with a dark past, her professional and personal lives begin to unravel.
Super Bheem	In this 3D-animated spinoff from the Chhota Bheem series, valiant superhero Bheem goes beyond his village to fight the good fight across the universe.
Tales of the City (1993)	In 1976, naive Mary Ann Singleton moves to San Francisco and finds a new family in her bohemian landlady and the eclectic residents at 28 Barbary Lane.
The Chosen One	Determined to bring a Zika vaccine to the remote Pantanal, three doctors clash with a faith healer and are pulled deeper into the mysteries of his cult.
ANIMA	In a short musical film directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, Thom Yorke of Radiohead stars in a mind-bending visual piece. Best played loud.
Answer for Heaven	An angel falls to earth to investigate why humans are doing fewer good deeds – and falls in with a hard-charging crime reporter and his news team.
Daniel Sosa: Maleducado	"In his second stand-up special, Daniel Sosa reminisces about his childhood, ponders Mexican traditions and points out a major problem with ""Coco."""
Slasher	Rampaging serial killers leave carnage in their wake as their next victims fight to stay alive in this horror anthology series.
Hikaru Utada Laughter in the Dark Tour 2018	Celebrating twenty years since her debut, Hikaru Utada takes the stage at Makuhari Messe for the final performance of her Laughter in the Dark Tour.
Kahaani	Pregnant and alone in the city of Kolkata, a woman begins a relentless search for her missing husband, only to find that nothing is what it seems.
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	After being bitten by a radioactive spider, Brooklyn teen Miles Morales gets a crash course in web-slinging from his alternate-dimension counterparts.
The Golem	As sickness spreads throughout the countryside, an infertile woman conjures a living child out of clay and sets it loose on her enemies.
Unbroken	After the brutal murders of their loved ones, three individuals share how they healed through forgiveness in this documentary presented by Aamir Khan.
Mike Epps: Only One Mike	In a raw stand-up comedy special, Mike Epps mixes it up as he tackles sexual misconduct, special ed, aging body parts and much more.
Recall	Struggling to move on from a heartbreaking loss, Mikey is drawn into a dangerous underworld robbery orchestrated by his unreliable stepbrother Dale.
Tottaa Pataaka Item Maal	Exasperated with living in perpetual fear for their safety, four women kidnap a man to show him the realities of being female in Delhi.
Forest of Piano	Kai grows up playing an old piano discarded in the woods
The Long Goodbye: The Kara Tippetts Story	Faced with terminal breast cancer, a courageous wife and mother turns her suffering into a resilient message of faith, love and compassion.
Salem: His Sister's Father	A street vendor's simple life is turned upside down after the Egyptian revolution of 2011, forcing him to contend with criminals and cops alike.
Triple Threat	A crew of ruthless criminals hired to kill an influential heiress meet their match in a trio of surprisingly adept fighters who come to her aid.
Blood Will Tell	Family patriarch Elías begins to unravel after the death of his wife – which casts a suspicious light on her tragic accident.
Bolívar	This dramatization depicts the life – and loves – of Venezuelan Gen. Simón Bolívar, who helped liberate several Latin American countries from Spain.
Dark	A missing child sets four families on a frantic hunt for answers as they unearth a mind-bending mystery that spans three generations.
EVANGELION: DEATH (TRUE)²	Fifteen years after the Second Impact, apathetic teen Shinji joins his father's group NERV to fight the Angels. But the truth may destroy them all.
Girls Incarcerated	Fights, friendships, dating, rules. Teenage life is full of drama. But behind bars, the stakes are so much higher.
Go! Live Your Way	Charismatic Mía gets a scholarship to an elite performing arts school, where she makes close friends but clashes with the owner's popular daughter.
Good Luck	Seeking an apartment to share with his wife, an apolitical man starts to question his own modest goals as revolution swirls around him.
Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic	A land of mysterious ruins and a magical treasure hunt await young Aladdin and his courageous friend Alibaba for the adventure of their lives.
Melodies of Life - Born This Way	A celebrated pastry chef and his fellow staff members at a bake shop embark on bittersweet adventures in love, work and friendship.
Mr. Iglesias	Hilarious high school teacher Gabriel Iglesias tries to make a difference in the lives of some smart but underperforming students at his alma mater.
Neon Genesis Evangelion	Fifteen years after the Second Impact, Shinji Ikari joins his father's group NERV as one of several teenage mecha pilots fighting the monstrous Angels.
Roonpi Secret Love	High school senior Belle pursues a shy junior boy. Dog-phobic Emma meets a handsome veterinary student. Baking blogger Mielle falls for her critic.
Shooter	A highly decorated ex-Marine sniper returns to action to foil an assassination plot targeting the president, but soon finds himself framed for murder.
The Casketeers	Māori funeral directors Francis and Kaiora Tipene and staff temper good humor with care and respect as they help Polynesian families cope with loss.
The Confession Tapes	This true crime documentary series investigates cases where people convicted of murder claim their confessions were coerced, involuntary or false.
The End of Evangelion	Seele orders an all-out attack on NERV, aiming to destroy the Evas before Gendo can trigger Third Impact and Instrumentality under his control.
An Upper Egyptian	Eager to settle down, Abdullah searches for the right woman to marry – but the one he truly longs for may not feel the same way.
Bewildered Bolbol	A man suffering from amnesia can't seem to choose between the women playing tricks on him.
Rakkhosh	An asylum patient’s troubled past threatens his grasp on reality as fellow hospital residents begin disappearing at the hands of an unknown entity.
Reaction	When a series of seemingly random people are murdered, baffled police search for a killer who may have a connection to them all.
The Chord	A detective investigates the murder of a young musician, whose philandering lifestyle leaves a long list of suspects and a lot of questions.
The Player	To save his father’s company from bankruptcy, a rich, spoiled playboy is forced to wed a no-nonsense woman, who's just as unhappy to be marrying him.
The Wolf's Call	With nuclear war looming, a military expert in underwater acoustics strives to prove things aren't as they seem – or sound – using only his ears.
Three-Quarters Decent	Determined to fight corruption in his country, a newspaper cartoonist debuts a new take-no-prisoners attitude.
Unruly Friends	A young woman discovers that familial and psychological traumas can be difficult to leave behind.
Beats	On Chicago's South Side, hip-hop prodigy August Monroe navigates crippling anxiety and new creative frontiers with the help of an unlikely mentor.
Memory Games	Glimpse into the brain's vast potential for memorization through the eyes of four competitive memory athletes as they share techniques and insights.
Running for Grace	In 1920s Hawaii, a young man of mixed race and the daughter of a white plantation owner must overcome racial and class prejudice to be together.
The Edge of Democracy	Political documentary and personal memoir collide in this exploration into the complex truth behind the unraveling of two Brazilian presidencies.
VS.	A young man in foster care finds his voice in the underground rap battle scene. But when his mother returns, a lifetime of pain comes with her.
Adam Devine: Best Time of Our Lives	"Frenetic comic Adam Devine talks teen awkwardness, celebrity encounters, his ""Pitch Perfect"" audition and more in a special from his hometown of Omaha."
Antariksha Ke Rakhwale	Space villains have abducted all the superheroes! It’s up to Bheem and his trusty team to save the others.
Big Kill	A tenderfoot and two gamblers seeking their fortunes in a boom town instead find themselves defending it from a gunslinging preacher and his gang.
Bob Lazar: Area 51 & Flying Saucers	Decades ago, Bob Lazar blew the whistle on Area 51. Now he’s back to explain the alien tech he worked with, and the government's war to shut him up.
Dragonkala Ka Rahasya	Bheem helps to reopen Dragonpur's abandoned magic and martial arts school, but is tested like never before when an ex-student returns seeking revenge!
Samudri Lootere	The king’s ship has been taken over by seemingly fearless pirates! Can Bheem find the one thing that might scare them away?
Super Bheem Bana Vajraveer	Hoping to find a magical root, a monster has captured farmers in the land of Vyom. It’s up to Bheem and the gang to foil his plan and save the kingdom!
The Wrong Babysitter	A widow searches for her missing teenage daughter, not knowing that her seemingly helpful neighbor is hiding a terrible secret.
Cop Car	Two mischievous boys get thrust into a game of cat and mouse with a murderous psychopath after they decide to steal a police officer’s cruiser.
Right Here Right Now	The owner of a failing music club throws one last blowout, bringing together friends, foes and hard-partying weirdos for an unhinged New Year's Eve.
3 Seconds Divorce	A Muslim women's activist group in India protests against oral divorces, starting a movement to reclaim their religious and constitutional rights.
Charité at War	In 1943, the staff at Berlin's Charité hospital struggle against the effects of World War II and the Nazi regime, including eugenic medical practices.
Fate/Zero	After three unsettled battles for the mystical Holy Grail, an artifact that grants a miracle to those who hold it, a fourth war begins.
Grey's Anatomy	Intern (and eventual resident) Meredith Grey finds herself caught up in personal and professional passions with fellow doctors at a Seattle hospital.
Kill la Kill	"The ""woman with the scissor blade"" – Ryuko Matoi – searches for clues all around the world for the truth behind her father's death."
Life Overtakes Me	In the grip of trauma, hundreds of refugee children in Sweden withdraw from life's uncertainties into a coma-like illness called Resignation Syndrome.
Luckee	When his friends make a bet that he can woo his college crush, a lovesick student named Luckee struggles between satisfying his heart and hormones.
Monopoly (The Bank Of Luck)	Seeking revenge on his employer, a lazy bank agent and his two dim-witted friends concoct an elaborate but flawed heist.
Pihu	A two-year-old must fend for herself when her mother suddenly passes away while her father is gone for a conference, leaving her prone to danger.
Puella Magi Madoka Magica	One day, Madoka Kaname has a very magical encounter, one that can change her destiny. This is the beginning of the new story of magical witch girls.
Somewhere Only We Know	A language major bickers with – and falls for – a doctoral student as she navigates the ups and downs of love and friendship with college classmates.
The Alcàsser Murders	New interviews and an up-to-date analysis of evidence shed light on the 1992 murders of three girls in Spain and their profound impact on the nation.
Unit 42	A widowed cop tapped to lead a special cybercrimes unit teams up with a former hacker to hunt down tech-savvy criminals who are terrorizing Belgium.
Aggretsuko	Frustrated with her thankless office job, Retsuko the Red Panda copes with her daily struggles by belting out death metal karaoke after work.
Awake: The Million Dollar Game	Sleepless for 24 hours, contestants in the comedy game show stumble through challenges both eccentric and everyday for a chance at a $1 million prize.
Black Spot	A police chief and an eccentric new prosecutor investigate a string of grisly crimes and eerie phenomena in an isolated town at the edge of a forest.
DJ Cinderella	Fiercely independent and disillusioned with love, a teen DJ is determined to chart her own path, till a pop heartthrob falls for her awesome mix.
El desconocido	Based on real events, the fictional story of Mexican drug lord El Chato's number one hitman, El Cholo.
Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce	After the world learns the truth about her failing marriage, a successful self-help author tries to salvage her career and find her way as a divorcée.
Leila	In a near-future world where an oppressive regime segregates society, one woman skirts the system to search for the daughter taken from her years ago.
Marlon	After the friendliest divorce ever, a carefree but devoted father navigates post-split parenting life with his levelheaded ex-wife and two kids.
Marvel's Jessica Jones	Haunted by a traumatic past, Jessica Jones uses her gifts as a private eye to find her tormentor before he can harm anyone else in Hell's Kitchen.
Murder Mystery	On a long-awaited trip to Europe, a New York City cop and his hairdresser wife scramble to solve a baffling murder aboard a billionaire's yacht.
Trinkets	A grieving teen finds an unexpected connection with two classmates at her new high school after they all land in the same Shoplifters Anonymous group.
Yankee	On the run from the police, an Arizona man crosses into Mexico and gets deeply involved in drug trafficking – with the help of modern technology.
Convict	Sentenced to death for committing rape, a convict navigates his final trying days alongside his allies and enemies in prison.
Flimflam	Nosy family in tow, a fun-loving bachelor goes on a romantic getaway, but he ends up pretending to be married to a complete stranger to avoid trouble.
Jinn	On a field trip to Petra, two jinns – one good, the other evil – enter the human realm, turning high school into a supernatural battleground.
Kakegurui	High roller Yumeko Jabami plans to clean house at Hyakkaou Private Academy, a school where students are evaluated solely on their gambling skills.
Oprah Presents When They See Us Now	"Oprah Winfrey talks with the exonerated men once known as the Central Park Five, plus the cast and producers who tell their story in ""When They See Us."""
Savage Raghda	Desperate to support his son, a single father uses his talent with makeup to dress up as a woman to try out for a part in a commercial.
The 3rd Eye 2	Working in an orphanage, Alia meets teen Nadia, who says she hears a strange voice in the walls. When they try to find the source, things go very wrong.
The Ant's Scream	Released after being wrongly imprisoned in Iraq, an Egyptian contractor returns home to a country on the brink of revolution.
The Cell	A special operations officer vows to get revenge against the terrorist who killed his friend in a brutal attack.
The Right One	Under pressure to marry, a rich playboy is conflicted between four women who each possess a different quality he desires in his ideal wife.
Jo Koy: Comin' In Hot	Comedian Jo Koy takes center stage in Hawaii and shares his candid take on cultural curiosities, filter-free fatherhood and more.
Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese	In an alchemic mix of fact and fantasy, Martin Scorsese looks back at Bob Dylan's 1975 Rolling Thunder Revue tour and a country ripe for reinvention.
Ralph Breaks the Internet: Wreck-It Ralph 2	When video-game bad guy Ralph and best friend Vanellope discover a way onto the internet, they set off on a mission to save her broken game.
Upin & Ipin	Two mischievous yet lovable five-year-old twins and their friends enjoy daily life and new discoveries with the residents of their Malaysian village.
Beneath the Leaves	An escaped psychopathic child killer faces off against one of his former victims, who has since become a hard-nosed detective.
Berlin, I Love You	"Set in the Grey City, this ""Cities of Love"" installment is a star-studded, 10-story collection of redemptive love, crushing loss and everyday romances."
Equilibrium	In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death.
Belmonte	An artist muddles through a midlife crisis while trying to balance his dimming career with a yearning to be a better father.
Designated Survivor	America's fate rests in the hands of a low-level official after an attack on Washington decimates the government in this gripping political thriller.
Elisa & Marcela	In 1901 Spain, Elisa Sánchez Loriga adopts a male identity in order to marry the woman she loves, Marcela Gracia Ibeas. Based on true events.
I Am Mother	Following humanity's mass extinction, a teen raised alone by a maternal droid finds her entire world shaken when she encounters another human.
Luka Chuppi	Pretending to marry in order to cohabitate, a small-town couple lands in endless awkward situations to hide the truth from their orthodox families.
Pachamama	When a sacred statue is taken from his Andean village, a spirited boy who dreams of becoming a shaman goes on a brave mission to get it back.
Rock My Heart	After an adventurous teen with a heart defect bonds with an unruly stallion, she trains to compete as an amateur jockey in a life-threatening race.
Stree	Once a year, men in a small town fear abduction by an eccentric female spirit. A young tailor dismisses the idea of the ghost – until he falls for her.
Super Monsters Monster Pets	The adorably magical Monster Pets star in a series of short adventures that are big on fun – and full of surprises!
Tales of the City	Returning to San Francisco after a long absence, Mary Ann Singleton reunites with the community of characters at 28 Barbary Lane.
The Black Godfather	This documentary follows the life of Clarence Avant, the ultimate, uncensored mentor and behind-the-scenes rainmaker in music, film, TV and politics.
The Push	After a snowmobile accident paralyzed him, Grant Korgan became the first athlete with a spinal cord injury to push himself to the South Pole.
A Perfect Man	Nina thinks her husband, James, is cheating on her, and she sets out to prove it by calling him and pretending to be another woman.
Alles ist gut	A woman sexually assaulted by her new boss's brother-in-law tries to move on as if nothing happened, but the night weighs heavily on her mind and body.
Best Neighbors	A just-married couple moves into their new home, finding themselves at war with the kids next door, who seem determined to make their lives miserable.
Cabin Fever	As a flesh-eating virus rips its way through a remote woodland cabin, the terrified teens vacationing inside wonder who'll fall victim next.
Christian Mingle	A career woman who has everything but romance finds her values challenged when she starts dating a good man she met on a Christian matchmaking site.
Everybody Knows	Journeying back to her small Spanish hometown for her sister's wedding, Laura must grapple with long-buried secrets when her daughter is abducted.
Farce	A beauty expert, a drug dealer and a bungling revolutionary end up in the grips of an extremist group after meeting on a plane to Lebanon.
Freezer's Campaign	When climate change makes Egypt freeze over, intelligence officers pose as a film crew on location to seek a device that can eliminate the frost.
From Japan to Egypt	After his wife relocates to her home country of Japan, an Egyptian man – and father of two rambunctious kids – tries to win her back.
Immoral Tales	This anthology illustrates the timeless nature of desire in four stories of incest, bloodlust and other forbidden subjects.
It's Okay, Buddy	Two down-on-their-luck singers set out to marry wealthy women – but not everyone is happy to have them climb the social ladder.
Ms. Mammy	A successful advertising agency executive falls asleep on an airplane and wakes up in an alternate universe as a stay-at-home mom with three kids.
Sameer Abu Alneel	Disliked for his stinginess, Samir finds his life turned upside down when he receives a windfall and launches a television channel.
Step Outside	A down-on-his-luck man reads a book, only to have its characters materialize and take over his life.
The Republic of Imbaba	Living on the edges of Cairo’s Embabah neighborhood, several residents seek to better their circumstances following the January 25 Revolution.
The Thief and the Imbecile	A street beggar befriends a man who lost his eye in a brawl, unaware that his new acquaintance is plotting to make him his unwitting organ donor.
A Silent Voice	A former class bully reaches out to the deaf girl he'd tormented in grade school. He feels unworthy of redemption but tries to make things right.
Black Mirror	This sci-fi anthology series explores a twisted, high-tech near-future where humanity's greatest innovations and darkest instincts collide.
Dolphin Kick	After losing his mom, 10-year-old Luke abandons competitive swimming. It takes a friendly dolphin to get him back in the water – and help him heal.
Dr. Seuss' The Grinch	A grump with a mean streak plots to bring Christmas to a halt in the cheerful town of Whoville. But a generous little girl could change his heart.
Jiro Dreams of Sushi	This documentary profiles sushi chef Jiro Ono, an 85-year-old master whose 10-seat, $300-a-plate restaurant is legendary among Tokyo foodies.
Would You Rather	In need of cash to help her sick brother, a young woman agrees to take part in a lethal winner-takes-all parlor game hosted by a sadistic millionaire.
Cosmos Laundromat: First Cycle	Despondent on a desolate island, a suicidal sheep is thrown a lifeline by a quirky salesman, who offers him the gift of a lifetime.
Miranda Sings Live…Your Welcome	"Viral video star Miranda Sings and her real-world alter ego Colleen Ballinger share the stage in a special packed with music, comedy and ""magichinry."""
Silent	"""Silent"" is an animated short film created by Academy Award® winning Moonbot Studios. It celebrates how storytellers, inventors, and technology work together to create cinema magic."
The Men Who Stare at Goats	"A journalist latches onto an unbelievable story in Iraq when he meets Lyn, a man of mysterious origins who reveals he was a ""warrior monk."""
Documentary Now!	"Elevating the art of parody, this sharply comic series spoofs high-profile documentaries such as ""Grey Gardens"" and ""The Thin Blue Line."""
Dynasty	The Carringtons and the Colbys feud for control over their fortune – and their children – in this updated reboot of the classic prime-time soap.
Malibu Rescue: The Series	On the heels of Junior Rescue training, Team Flounder returns to brave the beach in a series of thrilling saves and lighthearted laughs.
Arthdal Chronicles	In a mythical land called Arth, the inhabitants of the ancient city of Arthdal and its surrounding regions vie for power as they build a new society.
Good Night, and Good Luck	Veteran television newsman Edward R. Murrow faces off against Sen. Joseph McCarthy and his crusade to quell the threat of communism in America.
Krutant	When a busy workaholic leaves town to meet friends, an unexpected delay leads him to the hut of an old man, whose haunting tale could change his life.
The Duel	In 1866, a Texas Ranger investigates some suspicious deaths in a town ruled by a religious despot whose past contains a disturbing link to his own.
#Selfie	Two days before their final exams, three teen girls make a seaside getaway to end their adolescence with a bang.
#Selfie 69	After a painful breakup, a trio of party-loving friends makes a bet: who can get married in three days.
10,000 B.C.	Fierce mammoth hunter D'Leh sets out on an impossible journey to rescue the woman he loves from a vicious warlord and save the people of his village.
50/50	An otherwise healthy twentysomething has a comically early midlife crisis when he gets slapped with a cancer diagnosis and a 50-50 chance of survival.
A Thousand Goodnights	To carry out her dad's wish and discover her roots, Dai Tian-qing embarks on a journey around Taiwan and finds love and redemption on the way.
Bullitt County	When four college friends reunite for a bachelor party, their hunt for cash said to be hidden in Kentucky's backwoods leads to bloodshed and betrayal.
Carrie	"An outcast teen with telekinetic ability lashes out with her deadly power when the high school ""in crowd"" torments her with a sick joke at the prom."
Falsa identidad	Strangers Diego and Isabel flee their home in Mexico and pretend to be a married couple to escape his drug-dealing enemies and her abusive husband.
Herrens veje	A family with a storied history of service to the Church of Denmark fractures under the tyrannical rule and ambition of its hard-driving patriarch.
III Smoking Barrels	In three stories set in Northeast India, a child goes on the run, a young adult falls in with the wrong crowd and a desperate man turns to crime.
Life in the Doghouse	A couple operates a bustling dog rescue out of their own home, vowing to give a safe space to the neediest pups on the planet – 10,000 and counting.
Love Is a Story	Two young artists, a violin player and an actress, fight to achieve their dreams and keep their relationship together during Christmastime.
March Comes in Like a Lion	Orphaned young, a reclusive 17-year-old professional shogi player starts to come out of his shell when three sisters take him under their wing.
Oh, Ramona!	Awkward 16-year-old Andrei is infatuated with his alluring but aloof schoolmate Ramona – until he meets stunning hotel clerk Anemona while on vacation.
Prosecuting Evil: The Extraordinary World of Ben Ferencz	A gripping profile of Ben Ferencz, the last surviving lead prosecutor at the Nuremberg trials whose lifelong desire for justice altered the rule of law.
Righteous Kill	Two detectives investigate a rash of vigilante killings linked to an old case, suggesting they might have put an innocent man behind bars.
Satan & Adam	An aging blues guitarist and a grad student form an unlikely duo while busking on the street corners of 1980s Harlem.
Small Soldiers	When the Commando Elite, a group of toy action figures, are released before they've been tested, they attack the children playing with them.
The Box	A couple must decide whether to push a button that will net them a million dollars but that will also cause the death of a complete stranger.
The Phantom of the Opera	In 1870, a disfigured recluse roams beneath a Parisian opera house and takes under his wing a young soprano, with whom a love triangle develops.
The Space Between Us	After years of limited contact with Earth, an inquisitive teen who lives on Mars makes an interplanetary trek to discover his own origins.
Then Came You	A hypochondriac confronts his fear of death when a terminally ill teen girl enlists him to help her complete her bucket list.
We Are Legends	Raised in a boxing gym, two orphaned brothers become highly skilled martial artists and must combat threats in the streets and the ring.
What a Girl Wants	In search of the father she's never met, the daughter of a bohemian American woman heads to Europe and finds that her dad is an uptight politician.
Always Be My Maybe	Reunited after 15 years, famous chef Sasha and hometown musician Marcus feel the old sparks of attraction but struggle to adapt to each other's worlds.
Bad Blood	This sprawling crime drama follows the true story of the Rizzuto family and its associates, who presided over organized crime in Montreal for decades.
C Kkompany	To blow off some steam, friends Akshay, Joshi and Lambodar, posing as a gang called C Kkompany, make a phony extortion demand to Joshi's apathetic son. The trio is shocked when their prank call makes them anonymous celebrities.
Chopsticks	A gifted but insecure woman embarks on a transformative journey when she enlists an enigmatic con man to recover her stolen car from an eccentric thug.
How to Sell Drugs Online (Fast)	To win back his ex-girlfriend, a nerdy teen starts selling ecstasy online out of his bedroom – and becomes one of Europe's biggest dealers.
Killer Ratings	Brazilian TV personality and politician Wallace Souza faces accusations of masterminding the violent crimes he reported on and rallied against.
Koi Aap Sa	Star athlete Rohan has his eye on a beautiful art student. But when his best friend Simran experiences a crisis, he drops everything to help her.
Krishna Cottage	True love is put to the test when another woman comes between a pair of star-crossed young lovers in this thriller.
Mere Pyare Prime Minister	When his mother suffers a traumatic incident, a boy from the Mumbai slums treks to Delhi to deliver his written plea for justice to the Prime Minister.
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman	TV legend David Letterman teams up with fascinating global figures for in-depth interviews and curiosity-fueled excursions in this monthly talk show.
P	An orphan girl taught magic by her sick grandma must find work in seedy Bangkok, where unsavory characters run afoul of her increasingly dark powers.
Pegasus	After a five-year suspension, a once-legendary race car driver decides to get back in the game against a new generation of opponents.
Ragini MMS	A couple out to have a sensuous weekend at a house outside of Mumbai finds it rigged with surveillance cameras and occupied by an evil entity.
Ragini MMS 2	The horror continues when Ragini's video goes viral and a sleazy director decides to make a movie about the incident in the original house.
Shor In the City	When three small-time Mumbai crooks steal a bag on a train, they find that it's filled with weapons and realize that their lives may be in danger.
When They See Us	Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.
My Week with Marilyn	While filming a movie in England, Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe slips away with a young Brit for a week of self-discovery and frivolity.
Svaha: The Sixth Finger	A minister who researches religious cults turns to his Buddhist monk friend for help investigating a new group with mysterious origins.
The One I Love	Confronted with the potential end of their marriage, Ethan and Sophie take off for a weekend together, hoping to negotiate their future.
DC's Legends of Tomorrow	"A mysterious ""time master"" from the future unites an unlikely group of superheroes and villains to save the world from a powerful evil."
Lifechanger	A shapeshifter has to kill, then inhabit his victims, or die. But as his need for new bodies speeds up, he finally faces down his own mortality.
The Nutcracker and the Four Realms	When her late mother gifts her a key, Clara embarks on a dreamlike journey full of fantasy and conflict in this retelling of the holiday classic.
After Porn Ends	"This documentary explores the careers of some of porn's top stars and examines their adjustment to ""normal"" society after leaving adult entertainment."
Charmed	After their mother’s tragic death, a trio of sisters bond over their newfound powers, vanquish demons and band together to defend their magical legacy.
Historical Roasts	"""Roastmaster General"" Jeff Ross and a slew of guest stars poke fun at major historical figures while also honoring their enduring impact on the world."
Outlander	This epic tale adapted from Diana Gabaldon's popular series of fantasy-romance novels focuses on the drama of two time-crossed lovers.
Supergirl	To avert a disaster, Kara Danvers reveals her powers and true identity: She is Superman's cousin, now known as Supergirl, protector of National City.
Kiss The Series	After a night out, Sandee wakes to discover she and her buddy have either taken their platonic friendship to a whole new level or ruined it forever.
Rampant	When Prince Lee Cheong returns to Joseon after his brother’s death, he finds the kingdom plagued by deadly creatures – but they’re not the only threat.
Sotus The Series	When freshman engineering student Kongpob stands up to older bully Arthit, their confrontation soon leads to a deep attraction between the two boys.
Thackeray	From controversial cartoonist to powerful Mumbai politician, this biopic maps the meteoric rise of far-right Shiv Sena party founder, Bal Thackeray.
After Maria	Displaced by Hurricane Maria, three Puerto Rican women navigate their families' uncertain futures as their federal housing aid in New York expires.
Hyper HardBoiled Gourmet Report	To live is to eat. For people around the world in precarious and dangerous circumstances, eating itself is dangerous, precarious – and essential.
Joy	Close to paying off her debts, a Nigerian sex worker in Austria coaches a reluctant novice, and assesses the risks of taking a faster path to freedom.
Rim of the World	Stranded at a summer camp when aliens attack the planet, four teens with nothing in common embark on a perilous mission to save the world.
She's Gotta Have It	Nola Darling struggles to stay true to herself and her dreams while juggling three lovers in this Spike Lee series based on his breakout film.
The Perfection	In this twisty horror-thriller, a once-promising music prodigy reconnects with her former mentors, only to find them taken with a talented new pupil.
WHAT / IF	Desperate to secure funding for her med tech startup, an idealistic scientist and her husband strike an outrageous deal with a mysterious investor.
Riverdale	While navigating the troubled waters of sex, romance, school and family, teen Archie and his gang become entangled in a dark Riverdale mystery.
The Lonely Island Presents: The Unauthorized Bash Brothers Experience	The Lonely Island spoofs notorious baseball stars Jose Canseco and Mark McGwire in this visual rap album set in the Bash Brothers' 1980s heyday.
A Tale of Two Kitchens	Mexico City restaurant star Gabriela Cámara opens sister eatery Cala in San Francisco, with a similar menu and unusually welcoming kitchen culture.
The Flash	A forensics expert who wakes from a coma with amazing new powers squares off against forces threatening the city in this live-action superhero romp.
The Man Who Feels No Pain	Leveraging his ability to withstand pain, a young man trains to follow in the footsteps of his martial-arts hero in this high-action, meta comedy.
Arrow	Based on DC Comics' Green Arrow, an affluent playboy becomes a vengeful superhero, saving the city from villains armed with just a bow and arrows.
Moonlight	In a crime-infested Miami neighborhood, a gay African-American boy with a drug-addicted mother grows up with the help of a mentoring drug dealer.
Wanda Sykes: Not Normal	Wanda Sykes tackles politics, reality TV, racism and the secret she'd take to the grave in this rollicking, no-holds-barred stand-up special.
Zero	Through his relationships with two wildly different women, a vertically challenged bachelor with a larger-than-life persona must discover his purpose.
Prince of Peoria	A prankster prince who wants to experience life as an ordinary teen leaves his kingdom to live incognito with a single mom and her studious son.
Rosario Tijeras	Worlds collide when a vengeance-obsessed young woman from the other side of the tracks captures the attention of two well-off friends.
SGT. Will Gardner	A homeless vet who has PTSD steals a motorcycle and hits the road, trying to sort out what life means now that war is in the rear-view mirror.
The Blackcoat's Daughter	When their parents fail to pick them up for winter break, two students stay on at an all-girls boarding school in the company of a terrible presence.
The Brawler	Newly famous after challenging Muhammad Ali for a championship title, boxer Chuck Wepner spirals down the slippery slope of being a celebrity.
Born in Gaza	This documentary focuses on the devastating violence of the Israel-Palestine conflict and its effects on the children of Gaza.
Born in Syria	This intimate documentary follows a group of Syrian children refugees who narrowly escape a life of torment and integrate into a foreign land.
Dying to Tell	Seeking answers after a life-changing incident in 2012, filmmaker Hernán Zin interviews other war reporters about the personal toll of their work.
First Impression	Unaware they’ve matched online, a struggling writer embellishes his lifestyle to impress a successful exec with whom he sparks an unexpected romance.
It's Bruno!	An old-school Brooklyn native devotes his days to caring for his adorable dog, Bruno – and making sure the neighbors show his pooch the proper respect.
Maria	An ex-assassin tries to leave her dark past behind until a power-hungry gang targets her and her family, forcing her to summon her killer instincts.
Nailed It	Home bakers with a terrible track record take a crack at re-creating edible masterpieces for a $10,000 prize. It's part reality contest, part hot mess.
ReMastered: The Lion's Share	"After discovering the family of Solomon Linda, the writer of ""The Lion Sleeps Tonight,"" a reporter tries to help them fight for fair compensation."
Saverio Raimondo: Il Satiro Parlante	Italian comic and satirist Saverio Raimondo regales a Milan crowd with tales of online antics, awkward injuries and white-knuckle flights.
See You Yesterday	As two teen prodigies try to master the art of time travel, a tragic police shooting sends them on a series of dangerous trips to the past.
The Rain	Six years after a brutal virus wipes out most of Scandinavia's population, two siblings join a band of young survivors seeking safety – and answers.
Well-Intended Love	To secure a bone marrow donation, an actress diagnosed with leukemia makes a marriage pact with a young CEO – but love and secrets get in the way.
White Gold	In 1980s Essex, cocky salesman Vincent Swan and his unscrupulous team will do anything to get the sale – including throwing honesty out the window.
Good Sam	A curious reporter finds love while pursuing the story of a mysterious figure who's leaving bags of cash for strangers around New York City.
Jonaki	In this quiet, wistful drama, a woman on her deathbed searches her fraying memories for love and fulfillment through surreal, meditative tableaux.
Kyo Kii... Main Jhuth Nahin Bolta	The life and career of a lawyer are thrown into chaos when his son's wish magically renders him incapable of telling a lie.
Limitless	With his writing career dragging, Eddie Morra finds his life turning around after he takes a drug that provides astonishing mental focus.
LSD: Love, Sex Aur Dhokha	This provocative drama examines how the voyeuristic nature of modern society affects three unusual couples in Northern India.
Mission Istaanbul: Darr Ke Aagey Jeet Hai	A television journalist makes a risky career move by accepting a job offer from a controversial Istanbul television station.
Once Upon a Time in Mumbai Dobaara!	This turbulent sequel to Once Upon a Time in Mumbai carries on the saga of the gangland don Shoaib Khan, who continues pressing for more control.
PATRICK (2019)	When a schoolteacher inherits an adorable pug, she has to find a way to take care of it while dealing with her flatlining love life.
Take Me Home Tonight	Set in the financial boom of the late 1980s, this tale centers on a recent college grad trying to figure out what to do with his life.
7 Din Mohabbat In	Given just seven days by a genie to find a girl who will fall for him, a nerdy young man embarks on a madcap and messy search for his would-be wife.
All the Devil's Men	A battle-scarred Special Ops military vet joins a CIA-funded assignment to take down a Russian terrorist and his trigger-happy comrades.
Cake	When their aging father’s illness reunites two sisters under one roof, new tensions arise between them as old wounds and hidden secrets surface.
Call the Midwife	This period drama set in impoverished East London in the 1950s follows a newly qualified midwife and her colleagues at a nursing convent.
Dennis and Gnasher Unleashed	Fearless Dennis, his loyal dog Gnasher and best friends Rubi, JJ and Pieface quench their thirst for adventure by wreaking havoc all over Beanotown.
EMI: Liya Hai To Chukana Padega	A bank hires an enigmatic and unorthodox debt collector to recover money from four borrowers who are unable to pay their loans.
Hamid	Wanting his missing father to come home, a Kashmiri boy repeatedly attempts to call God for help – until one day, a hardened army officer picks up.
Heidi, bienvenida a casa	Inspired by the classic novel, this telenovela follows Heidi, who leaves her happy life in the mountains behind when her aunt takes her to the big city.
I Hear You	Love blooms between a bubbly, aspiring voice actress and a cool, enigmatic violin-maker after they cross paths on a reality TV show.
Kucch To Hai	A student tries to steal a test from a teacher's home, leaving him for dead after an accident. A string of murders may be the professor's revenge.
Kyaa Kool Hai Hum	Longtime friends Rahul and Karan head to Mumbai intent on making their dreams come true, but both men are suddenly saddled with bad luck.
Kyaa Kool Hain Hum 3	When an unlikely porn actor falls for a woman outside the industry, he employs his co-stars as a stand-in traditional family to impress her father.
Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai	Mumbai's top mob boss rules the underworld with honor and compassion, but his power-hungry protégé will shake up the world of organized crime.
Shootout at Lokhandwala	Based on a true story, this action film follows an incident that stunned a nation in the early 1990s. In Mumbai, India, the notorious gangster Maya holds off veteran cop Khan and a force of more than 200 policemen in a six-hour bloody gunfight.
Backdraft 2	In this sequel to the 1991 film, a determined fire investigator recruits an imprisoned arsonist to help untangle a web of fire, murder and corruption.
Killer Cove	An unlucky woman finds a solution for her hateful ex, a trying job hunt and a stalker through a charming P.I. – only to endure a new set of problems.
Revisions	When Shibuya time-warps to 2388, high schooler Daisuke and his friends are conscripted by AHRV agent Milo to fight the hostile cyborg race, revisions.
Still LAUGH-IN: The Stars Celebrate	"This celebration of the groundbreaking comedy show ""Laugh-In"" stars Lily Tomlin, Snoop Dogg, Billy Crystal, Tiffany Haddish, Neil Patrick Harris and more."
Weed the People	Buoyed by hopeful experiences with medical marijuana, physicians and parents of children with cancer call for more research of its healing potential.
Malibu Rescue	When a long list of shenanigans lands Tyler in hot water, he’s forced to suit up and spend his summer training for an elite junior lifeguard program.
Norm of the North: Keys to the Kingdom	When Norm the polar bear is framed for a crime he didn’t commit, his friends step up to help him clear his name.
Merata: How Mum Decolonised the Screen	New Zealand film archivist Heperi Mita traces the cinematic legacy of his mother and trailblazing Maori filmmaker Merata Mita.
The Defected	After surviving a near-fatal injury on the job, a cop sets out to investigate a conspiracy involving the top brass of the police department.
Dry Martina	An odd encounter with a fan and a tryst with that fan's ex-boyfriend leads a sexually adventurous singer on an escapade in Chile.
Shéhérazade	Fresh out of juvenile detention in Marseille, 17-year-old Zach falls for a young prostitute and soon faces a dire dilemma while working as a pimp.
The Great Magician	In 1920s Beijing, a host of talented performers gather to show off their skills. The challenge: reproduce a magic trick called the Eight Immortals.
The Jungle Book	This animated series follows young Mowgli and his animal mentors Bagheera and Baloo, who do their best to protect him from fierce tiger Shere Khan.
Bheemayan	It's Diwali! To celebrate, Chhota Bheem and his friends put on a stage show of the Ramayana, re-enacting the epic story behind the festival of lights.
Chhota Bheem Aur Kaala Yodha	Finally released after being trapped in an ancient book for centuries, a wicked warrior sets out to conquer Dholakpur – but not if Bheem can help it!
Chhota Bheem Ka Romani Adventure	Bheem and King Indraverma travel to Rome for a trading venture, but when the king of a neighboring land attacks, can Bheem’s wile and wit save the day?
Chhota Bheem Ka Troll Se Takkar	Trolls kidnap the king's daughters and overtake the kingdom of Messina. Can Bheem track them down and bring the princesses home?
Easy	This eclectic, star-studded anthology follows diverse Chicagoans fumbling through the modern maze of love, sex, technology and culture.
In Family I Trust	After her partner cheats on her, an architect returns to her hometown to reassess her life with the help of her eccentric family. Based on the novel.
Jailbirds	At the Sacramento County Jail, incarcerated women fight the power and one another as they try to make the best of life – and love – on the inside.
Pose	In 1987 New York, LGBTQ ball fixture Blanca starts her own house, soon becoming mother to a gifted dancer and a sex worker in love with a yuppie client.
The Mechanism	A scandal erupts in Brazil during an investigation of alleged government corruption via oil and construction companies. Loosely inspired by true events.
The Princess Weiyoung	A princess descended from a ruined noble family disguises herself as the woman who saved her life and embarks on a mission to avenge her loved ones.
The Society	When everyone else mysteriously vanishes from their wealthy town, the teen residents of West Ham must forge their own society to survive.
Wine Country	When longtime friends meet up for a wine-soaked birthday getaway in Napa Valley, their perfectly planned weekend turns messier by the minute.
Antar: Son of Shadad	Learning he is the grandson of a famous knight, a young man hilariously fights a rival gang to win over the most beautiful woman in the tribe.
Bathtubs Over Broadway	A comedy writer for David Letterman unearths a hidden world of hilariously bizarre musicals, which turns into a toe-tapping obsession.
Gatao 2: Rise of the King	When a zealous gang leader plans to take out a friend-turned-rival for control of his turf, internal tensions complicate the battle to be the boss.
Insidious	Hoping to leave their haunted house behind, a suburban family moves to a new place, only to learn the home wasn't haunted... but their eldest son is.
Lion's Heart	Kidnapped as a child and raised in the circus, a young lion tamer’s tough side emerges when he gets entangled in an underworld murder mystery.
Regatta	Inside one of Cairo's most impoverished areas exists a place where criminals control everything and everyone.
Tattah	A down-on-his-luck man must prove he's not as hapless as he seems when the woman he's on a date with is suddenly kidnapped.
The Bulbul's Nest	A taxi driver longs to be a pop singer, but the road to stardom is wrought with competition and struggle until he befriends a helpful belly dancer.
Away From Home	A high-achieving 11-year-old student embarks on a journey of self-discovery at a school on a nearby island as he grapples with tensions at home.
Bibik-Bibikku	When a busy mother and father realize they need help with their two young children, they hire a series of maids, often with humorous results.
Cinta 100KG	Two female friends, each with confidence issues, help each other search for true love and deal with their romantic rivals.
Cinta Iris	Dedicated engineering student Iris succumbs to love and marries, but fate holds both tragedies and triumphs for her personal and professional life.
Cinta Si Wedding Planner	A wedding planner and an ex-Marine both have been unlucky in love. But a chance meeting and a spat over a parking space soon change all that.
Cinta Teruna Kimchi	When a young man determines to discover his father's true identity, he faces unexpected realizations that shake his sense of self.
Lucifer	Bored with being the Lord of Hell, the devil relocates to Los Angeles, where he opens a nightclub and forms a connection with a homicide detective.
Secret of Success	An aspiring actor uses a magical book to transport himself inside the movies he had always dreamed of starring in – but not without consequences.
The Missing Menu	A single mom and skilled chef yearns for her children to settle down and offers them life lessons through the special dishes she creates.
Unchained Fate	A young trio aims to protect the world from evil, armed with magic crystals that allow them to control time, commune with spirits, and more.
Abyss	After meeting an untimely demise in separate incidents, Cha Min and Go Se-yeon discover they’ve come back to life in new bodies they don’t recognize.
I Have a Script	After the death of a loved one, a woman decides to pursue her passion for writing by penning television scripts.
In the Bosom of a Thorn	After the invasion of Kuwait, a woman’s infant daughter is taken from her. Now, her daughter looks to make her way back home years later.
Queen of the South	Forced to work for a cartel that recently killed her boyfriend, Teresa relies on her street smarts, a loyal pal and a mysterious notebook to survive.
The Heat: A Kitchen (R)evolution	Seven female chefs describe what it’s like breaking into the restaurant industry's notorious boys' club.
The Writer	When accused of a murder eerily parallel to a plot in his novel, a best-selling crime writer must navigate a web of hidden enemies.
What If?	Four individuals at a crossroads in life are given the chance to take both paths, and decide which road is best for them.
Last Breath	A commercial diver becomes trapped on the ocean floor with dwindling oxygen and little hope of a timely rescue, so he tries to save himself.
Like Arrows	Over 50 years of their lives, a couple enjoys the blessings and setbacks of parenting, and learns that God has to be at the center of their family.
The Wandering Earth	A looming collision with Jupiter threatens Earth as humans search for a new star. The planet's fate now lies in the hands of a few unexpected heroes.
War Horse	During World War I, the bond between a young Englishman and his loyal horse, Joey, is tested when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to France.
Death House	Two federal agents battle through an army of rioting prisoners – and their sense of reality – inside a high-tech prison modeled after Dante’s Inferno.
All In My Family	After starting a family of his very own in America, a gay filmmaker documents his loving, traditional Chinese family's process of acceptance.
Crime Diaries: Night Out	After going to a Halloween party, college student Luis Andrés Colmenares is found dead. Was it an accident or murder? Inspired by true events.
Cupcake & Dino - General Services	An enterprising cupcake and his cheerful dinosaur brother take on jobs of all sorts as they work to help friends and strangers in their eccentric city.
Dead to Me	A hotheaded widow searching for the hit-and-run driver who mowed down her husband befriends an eccentric optimist who isn't quite what she seems.
Despite Everything	After their mother's death, four sisters learn a shocking family secret and embark on an adventure to discover the truth about their genealogy.
Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile	Single mother Liz falls for Ted Bundy and refuses to believe the truth about his crimes for years. A drama based on a true story.
Flinch	Harrowing and hilarious tests await the brave and foolhardy, as well as the judges, in this comedy game show. If they flinch, they feel the pain.
It's Fine	When a beautiful belly-dancer moves into their apartment building, a group of unhappily married men strives to get her attention.
Jo Pil-ho: The Dawning Rage	On the run from a dogged internal affairs agent, a corrupt cop reluctantly teams up with a defiant teen to unravel a conspiracy – before it's too late.
Supernatural	Siblings Dean and Sam crisscross the country, investigating paranormal activity and picking fights with demons, ghosts and monsters.
The Last Summer	Teens from a Chicago high school grapple with their dreams, relationships and identities in a transformative summer before they leave for college.
Tuca & Bertie	Free-spirited toucan Tuca and self-doubting song thrush Bertie are best friends – and birds – who guide each other through life's ups and downs.
Undercover	Undercover agents infiltrate a drug kingpin's operation by posing as a couple at the campground where he spends his weekends. Inspired by real events.
American Experience: The Circus	An exploration of the American circus, as the spectacle evolved from a one-ring show to a cultural event and eventually, a dying breed.
Colony	When LA is invaded by outside forces and becomes a walled-in settlement, a former FBI agent and his wife risk everything to find their lost son.
Hamza's Suitcase	When a con man tries to retrieve a bag of money, he swoons for a woman with ties to a notorious crew of criminals.
Her Only Choice	A woman must decide if she’s willing to end her pregnancy to save her own life after being diagnosed with breast cancer.
John Carter	One minute, Civil War veteran John Carter is evading Apaches
Laatu	A man who hopes to bring light to his village must compete with an officer from the electricity department to win over the love of his life.
Olympus Has Fallen	A disgraced Secret Service agent must come to the rescue when Korean terrorists descend on the White House and take the president hostage.
Revenge	After a mother and her daughter are gang-raped by seven men, the daughter suffers a mental breakdown, and the single mom sets out to get revenge.
American Experience: The Island Murder	In 1931, a young Navy wife tore apart Hawaii on racial lines after claiming she was raped by a gang of nonwhite islanders.
Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion	A high-schooler who's granted powers to make anyone instantly obedient dons a mask to lead Japan's rebellion against a long-invading Britannia.
Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat	"While Mom is away, a bored little boy and girl are visited by the Cat in the Hat, who proceeds to turn the house into the ""mother of all messes."""
Familiye	An ex-con struggles to take care of his two brothers, a gambling addict and a young man with Down syndrome, after being released from prison.
Hidden in Plain Sight	A woman stages her own suicide but still lives in fear of her abusive ex-boyfriend tracking her down and stealing the son he never knew he had.
John & Yoko: Above Us Only Sky	Featuring interviews and never-before-seen footage, this film tells the story behind John Lennon and Yoko Ono’s seminal 1971 album, “Imagine.”
Kia and Cosmos	A 15-year-old girl with autism attempts to write a mystery novel based on her hunt for the killer of a neighborhood cat.
Kill Hitler! The Luck of the Devil	From politicians to officers, many attempted to kill Hitler – and failed. This documentary delves into the details of how their plots unraveled.
Knock Down The House	Go behind the scenes as four determined women – including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez – challenge big-money politicians in the 2018 race for Congress.
Le serment des Hitler	This documentary retraces the footsteps of Adolf Hitler's mysterious nephew and explores what became of the Hitler family line.
Munafik 2	Haunted by terrifying visions, a Muslim healer finds his faith tested when he helps a woman locked in battle, body and soul, with a diabolical leader.
Robin Hood: The Rebellion	When the Sheriff of Nottingham takes his beloved captive, Robin Hood embarks on a daring rescue mission at the tyrant's castle.
Roswell, New Mexico	After 10 years, a woman returns to her sleepy tourist-occupied hometown and discovers her high-school crush is also an unusual foreigner.
Snowpiercer	The Earth's remaining inhabitants are confined to a single train circling the globe as revolution brews among the class-divided cars.
Sur Sapata	A group of small-town students goes for glory by competing in a statewide kabaddi tournament 25 years after their school's championship victory.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	In this animated adventure, Master Splinter whips the four Ninja Turtles back into shape to defeat monsters running amok in New York.
The Dark Crystal	In this mythical tale, Jen, the last of the Gelfling race, is charged with healing the Crystal of Truth after its mutilation sets off an era of terror.
The Kindness Diaries	Host Leon Logothetis travels the world with only a vintage motorbike and the kindness of strangers, which he pays back in unexpected, inspiring ways.
Two Graves	A doctor and a drug addict kidnap the son of a local gangster, seeking revenge for the death of a loved one.
A Home with A View	When a neighbor blocks their view of the city with a commercial billboard, a Hong Kong family resorts to drastic, imaginative measures to take it down.
Angel 'N' Devil	In a world known as the Copper Dimension, a group of high-school girls fights against dark forces – and their own inner demons.
Anthony Jeselnik: Fire in the Maternity Ward	Forging his own comedic boundaries, Anthony Jeselnik revels in getting away with saying things others can't in this stand-up special shot in New York.
BAKI	While martial arts champion Baki Hanma trains hard to surpass his legendary father, five violent death row inmates descend upon Tokyo to take him on.
Hong Kong West Side Stories	The intimate lives of young men and women from Hong Kong are linked by loosely connected stories about love, lust, separation and deceit.
Ingress: The Animation	After scientists discover a mysterious substance that can influence human minds, two factions wage an all-out battle to control its awesome power.
K.O. One Re-act	As a guardian of space-time order, 28-year-old Wang Dadong returns to Bale High School to investigate an anomaly and clashes with King.
K.O.3an Guo	In the Silver Dimension, Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei plan to enroll in an elite academy as sworn brothers, but KO One visitors derail the plan.
KO One Return	A time quake propels Wang Dadong into the future, where he encounters a classmate named King who presides over the KO One.
Perfect Bid: The Contestant Who Knew Too Much	"A ""Price Is Right"" superfan brings a bit of scandal to the long-running show by figuring out the answers to the questions before they're asked."
The Outsiders	A trio of delinquent brothers fends off neighborhood rivals until one joins a gang to gain protection for the upper-class girl he loves.
Ash vs. Evil Dead	Thirty years later, Ash Williams – demon hunter par excellence – is back to battle a new Deadite plague. He may have lost a hand, but not his touch.
Burning	An aspiring writer goes to the airport to pick up a high school friend returning from a trip to Africa but is disheartened to see her with another man.
CRD	At odds with his radical instructor's ruthless methods, a drama student assembles his own troupe of misfit actors ahead of a prestigious competition.
Teen Aur Aadha	At a 50-year-old house that served as a school, a brothel, and now a home, tales unfold of the residents who have lived there, longing for an escape.
Señora Acero	When her drug-trafficking husband dies, an unassuming woman stakes her own claim in the business in order to care for her gravely ill son.
American Honey	A teenage girl leaves her dull life in Oklahoma to join a raucous band of travelling magazine sellers on an alcohol-, drug- and sex-filled road trip.
Amar's Hands	To fulfill her husband’s dream to build a home, a widow sends her five children to earn money in Cairo, where their poverty tests them at every turn.
An Hour and a Half	Based on the 2002 El Ayyat train accident, this drama begins 90 minutes before the explosion, following the lives of riders in the third-class cars.
Chambers	Haunted by eerie visions and sinister impulses after a heart transplant, a teenager tries to unmask the truth behind her donor's mysterious death.
Kon-Tiki	With five loyal friends in tow, explorer Thor Heyerdahl sails a fragile balsa wood raft along an ancient path some 4,300 miles across the Pacific.
Loving is Losing	When a newly single photographer is forced to work with a longtime rival, the battle of their egos turns into a chance for love.
Money Trap	When his daughter and son-in-law fall prey to a scam, Istanbul con man Asım Noyan meets his match in a madcap kingpin of an underground gambling world.
Njan Prakashan	Yearning for a lavish life abroad, an entitled, lazy sexist crafts a scam to ditch his thankless nursing job and find a wealthy spouse to secure a visa.
ReMastered: Devil at the Crossroads	Cloaked in mystery, bluesman Robert Johnson left his mark on American music. Now family, critics and famous fans look for the real man behind the music.
Rica, Famosa, Latina	This reality series follows the lives of a group of wealthy, successful Latina women in Los Angeles.
Season of the Witch	A group of weary warriors transport a suspected witch believed to be responsible for spreading the devastating Black Plague.
Street Food	Embark on a global cultural journey into street food and discover the stories of the people who create the flavorful dishes.
The Protector	Discovering his ties to a secret ancient order, a young man living in modern Istanbul embarks on a quest to save the city from an immortal enemy.
The Sapphires	Sisters Gail, Cynthia and Julie have talent, but their career takes off when promoter Dave convinces them to tour for U.S. troops in Vietnam.
A Mission in an Old Movie	A young man struggles with his overbearing mother while looking for romance and a way to kick-start his show business career.
Aurora	A fatal shipwreck spurs an islander innkeeper and her sister to recover the missing victims' bodies – until the dead come seeking shelter themselves.
Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween	"Three teens spend their Halloween trying to stop a magical book, which brings characters from the ""Goosebumps"" novels to life."
Love Station	Single coworkers at a radio station are brought together by mutual friends, but their starry-eyed notions about love may scuttle their romance.
Omar and Salma 3	In this second sequel of the trilogy, marital strife brews as Omar pursues a music career despite Salma’s wishes that he opt for a more stable job.
Shattered Memories	When her former lover's mysteriously murdered, a woman must clear her name – and avoid the killer.
The Consul's Son	A notorious forger known for his ability to create fake passports and visas finds himself the target of a con man's ruse.
The Hateful Eight: Extended Version	Trapped at a stagecoach stop as a storm rages outside, two bounty hunters and an outlaw face a gallery of rogues. Features never-before-seen footage.
The Ugly Truth	"A chauvinistic morning-show commentator tries to prove the relationship theories he espouses on a segment called ""The Ugly Truth."""
Fireflies	Grappling with love and loss in their respective lives, two estranged brothers must confront their traumatic, unresolved past when they cross paths.
Furthest Witness	Kyle helps people disappear, but when a crazed killer starts hunting down his latest client, he has to decide what he's willing to do to keep her safe.
Beauty and the Bitches	Beauty pageant contestants from all over Thailand fight for the crown as they contend with drama and intrigue behind the scenes.
I Think You Should Leave with Tim Robinson	There is no such thing as an ordinary interaction in this offbeat sketch comedy series that features a deep roster of guest stars.
Little Singham in London	Little Singham is in London to meet the queen, but when the famed Kohinoor Diamond gets stolen, the kid cop goes on a wild, citywide hunt for the thief.
The Last Resort	In the waning days of the 70s, two young photographers document the Jewish retirees who dominated the sunny shores of South Beach.
A Fortunate Man	A gifted engineer flees his austere roots to pursue wealth and success among Copenhagen's elite, but the pride propelling him threatens to be his ruin.
Grass Is Greener	It lit up jazz and hip-hop – and ignited a war on drugs steeped in racial injustice. Experts explore America's complicated relationship with weed.
Paper Year	A young newlywed tries to keep her relationship afloat after developing feelings for her older, TV writer boss.
Abdo Mota	Following the mysterious death of his parents, a young man finds himself enmeshed in the dark world of drugs and crime.
Brampton's Own	After 12 years in the minors, a struggling baseball player retires, returns home and faces the last person he struck out with – his ex-girlfriend.
Brené Brown: The Call to Courage	With humor and empathy, Brené Brown discusses what it takes to choose courage over comfort in a culture defined by scarcity, fear and uncertainty.
Cuckoo	Rachel shocks her proper British parents when she marries an American hippie, but it's just the first in a series of surprises for the family.
I, Daniel Blake	While fighting for his welfare benefits following a job-ending heart attack, a widowed carpenter befriends a single mother in a similar plight.
KO One	Gifted with special powers, fighting skills and slick hair, the rowdy KO One navigates tough friendships and high school romance.
Lunatics	This mockumentary series follows the peculiar lives of six eccentric – and sometimes obscene – misfits who march to their own beat.
Music Teacher	A dejected small-town music teacher grapples with guilt and regret when his ex-pupil who once loved him returns home as the star he always wanted to be.
My Dear Boy	Heartbroken and romantically pessimistic, a commercial director meets a young artist and teaches him life-changing lessons about love.
Pororo - The Little Penguin	On a tiny island, Pororo the penguin has fun adventures with his friends Eddy the fox, Loopy the beaver, Poby the polar bear and Crong the dinosaur.
Rilakkuma and Kaoru	Her life might be a little mundane, but Kaoru gets to go home to Rilakkuma, her endearingly lazy roommate who happens to be a fuzzy toy bear.
Roh's Beauty	Hoping to earn money to support her son, a single mother sings in a nightclub, where danger lurks around every corner.
Samantha!	A child star in the '80s, Samantha clings to the fringes of celebrity with hilarious harebrained schemes to launch herself back into the spotlight.
Someone Great	On the heels of a blindsiding breakup, music journalist Jenny braces for a new beginning – and one last adventure with her closest friends.
The Mayo Clinic	A look at how a world-renowned medical institution prioritizes patients' needs and has adapted to healthcare's evolving demands for over 150 years.
The Ruthless	A rebellious teen grows up to become one of Milan's most ambitious criminals during the golden years of the 'ndrangheta Mafia in the 1980s.
30 Days of Luxury	With the help of his friends, a man breaks out of prison in hopes of restoring a lively nightclub.
Because We're Heading Out	Trouble and high jinks ensue when a man and woman stumble on a bag full of money while out on the town.
My Dog is My Guide	Relocated to a new post and struggling to adjust, a police officer further complicates his life by falling for a woman he has little in common with.
My Wife and My Wifey	A man finds his marriage to a dedicated women's rights activist facing some unexpected challenges over her commitment to the cause.
The Walls of the Moon	After losing her eyesight in an accident, a woman lands in a love triangle as she looks for meaning in her life.
Warda	When an aspiring documentarian returns to his hometown to investigate paranormal happenings, his girlfriend's mental health takes a troubling turn.
A Little Chaos	A willful young woman is hired to design a garden at Versailles for Louis XIV. Soon, she's ensnared in political and romantic complications.
Dabbe 6: The Return	A cardiologist tries to pinpoint the cause of her mother's sudden death as her sister, who witnessed it, claims malevolent demons are at play.
De Film van Dylan Haegens	A YouTuber becomes obsessed with figuring out how his copycat archnemesis manages to steal all of his ideas.
Franco Escamilla: Bienvenido al mundo	Comedian Franco Escamilla shares stories about parenting his children when they get into trouble, with reflections on gender, friendship and romance.
HOMECOMING: A film by Beyoncé	This intimate, in-depth look at Beyoncé's celebrated 2018 Coachella performance reveals the emotional road from creative concept to cultural movement.
21 & Over	Jeff's straight-and-narrow life changes abruptly when his buddies take him out for a birthday bash – the night before a crucial med school interview.
About Time	When Tim learns that the men in his family can travel in time and change their own lives, he decides to go back and win the woman of his dreams.
Evan Almighty	God summons narcissistic Evan to build an ark in preparation for a flood. Meanwhile, Evan's family interprets his new hobby as a midlife crisis.
Jonathan	Two siblings share a body, each getting it for 12 hours a day. But when one of them breaks the rules, their whole way of life comes crashing down.
Mr. Young	After Adam graduates from college at age 14, he heads back to high school to teach science, where his crush and his best friends are his students!
Super Monsters Furever Friends	On the first night of spring, the Super Monsters gather for food, fun and games in the park – and get to meet their adorable new pets!
The Creative Brain	Neuroscientist David Eagleman taps into the creative process of various innovators while exploring brain-bending, risk-taking ways to spark creativity.
Bollywood Calling	A down-and-out Hollywood actor is utterly unprepared for the eccentricities that await when an Indian producer offers him a role in a Bollywood film.
Ek Khiladi Ek Haseena	Indebted to a gangster, a grifter assembles a band of fellow swindlers to attempt his biggest scam yet, but it's soon clear that no one can be trusted.
Generation Iron 3	Bodybuilders come together from around the world to compete in the Mr. Olympia competition and try to achieve their goals of physical perfection.
Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi	In a politically charged India of the 1970s, three friends are transformed by personal ideologies, dangerous ambitions and matters of the heart.
Jhankaar Beats	Juggling personal predicaments and workplace woes, three buddies and bandmates practice for their ultimate dream: winning a coveted music competition.
Mumbai Matinee	Still a virgin at 32 years old, a frustrated advertising agent gets the shock of his life when an unlikely chain of events turns him into a porn star.
Rainbow Jelly	Mistreated by his cruel uncle, an imaginative orphan with autism sees hope when a fairy vows to change his life with a week of enchanted recipes.
Shabd	When a novelist seeks inspiration by urging his wife to have an affair, the line between his story and his real life grows disconcertingly blurry.
Shortcut Safari	Unexpected wildlife adventures and valuable life lessons await seven city kids when they suddenly become lost in the forest during a school field trip.
The New Romantic	Fed up with dating and debt, a naïve college senior documents her experience of being with a wealthy, older man for a gonzo journalism grant.
Antidote	A tough-as-nails treasure hunter protects a humanitarian doctor as she tries to cure a supernatural disease caused by a mysterious witch.
Thriller	When a prank goes wrong, a shy kid from Compton is sent away for murder. Four years later, he’s back and out for revenge on homecoming weekend.
A Land Imagined	A cop in Singapore investigates the disappearance of a Chinese migrant construction worker who spent sleepless nights playing a mysterious video game.
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend	Still pining for Josh, the boy who dumped her ages ago, whip-smart lawyer Rebecca jettisons her New York life and moves to California to win him back.
Who Would You Take to a Deserted Island?	On their last night together, four longtime flatmates' lives are suddenly upended when a secret is revealed during the course of an evening celebration.
Azhar	This biopic traces the tumultuous life and career of top cricket player Mohammad Azharuddin, who led India's national team in the 1990s.
Band Aid	A young married couple tries to save their disintegrating relationship by turning their fights into songs, with the help of an oddball neighbor.
Buffalo Boys	Two Indonesian brothers learn the ways of the American cowboy before returning home to avenge the murder of their father.
Dabbe 5: Zehr-i Cin	When Dilek becomes haunted by evil spirits and loses control of her body, she seeks the help of a woman with dark secrets to cure her.
Dabbe: The Possession	Ahead of her wedding, Kübra is possessed by demons. When an examination reveals more horror, her friend, a psychiatrist, tries to perform an exorcism.
Francesco De Carlo: Cose di Questo Mondo	Taking the stage in Milan, Francesco De Carlo opens up about his bad habits, religion, politics and what he's learned from traveling the world.
Horror Story	On a dare, seven college friends spend a night at an abandoned hotel rumored to be haunted and find themselves trapped in a nightmare.
Huge in France	Eager to reconnect with his son, French comedy star Gad Elmaleh moves to LA, only to discover that he's left all his fame and celebrity perks behind.
Special	A young gay man with cerebral palsy branches out from his insular existence in hopes of finally going after the life he wants.
The Perfect Date	To earn money for college, a high schooler launches an app offering his services as a fake date. But when real feelings emerge, things get complicated.
Black Summer	In the dark, early days of a zombie apocalypse, complete strangers band together to find the strength they need to survive and get back to loved ones.
New Girl	Still rebounding from a breakup, Jessica Day moves in with three single guys, all of whom are ready to help her understand the ways of the world.
Persona	An exploration of different personas in an eclectic collection of four works by critically acclaimed Korean directors.
#Roxy	A teenage hacker with a huge nose helps a cool kid woo a girl that he’s secretly in love with.
Liss Pereira: Reteniendo líquidos	A pregnant Liss Pereira shares hilariously uncomfortable truths about sex, love, attraction and the lies we tell in modern relationships.
Talking Tom and Friends	Full of funny one-liners and always ready for an adventure, a talking cat and his equally chatty animal cohorts set out to become famous.
The Silence	With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult.
You vs. Wild	In this interactive series, you'll make key decisions to help Bear Grylls survive, thrive and complete missions in the harshest environments on Earth.
Men on a Mission	Male celebs play make-believe as high schoolers, welcoming star transfer students every week and engaging in battles of witty humor and slapstick.
Movie 43	An eye-popping cast stars in this sketch-comedy collage, the new millennium's homage to classic anthology films like The Kentucky Fried Movie.
The Basement	Known for tortuous role-play with victims in his basement, a twisted serial killer abducts a musician who has a deeper connection to his mind games.
Sarvam Thaala Mayam (Telugu Version)	An aspiring musician battles age-old caste divides to be able to learn the art of a classical instrument from a traditionalist, veteran percussionist.
The Great Battle	In seventh-century Korea, the commander of Ansi Fortress, Yang Man-chun, combats Tang invaders in a retelling of an epic clash against all odds.
Petta (Telugu Version)	An affable, newly appointed college warden proves to be no ordinary man when an old enemy resurfaces and exposes his complicated, violent past.
Time: The Kalief Browder Story	This series traces the tragic case of Kalief Browder, a Bronx teen who spent three horrific years in jail, despite never being convicted of a crime.
Between Worlds	Grieving for his dead wife and daughter, a trucker plunges into a romance with a mother who needs his help. The dead, however, are far from gone.
Queen of the Desert	Driven beyond the bounds of convention, adventurer Gertrude Bell leaves turn-of-the-century Britain behind for the deserts of the Middle East.
Alien Warfare	The U.S. Navy Seal team tackles a top-secret mission at a research center where scientists have mysteriously disappeared and another life form awaits.
Backfire	When two would-be robbers accidentally kill a made man, they find themselves on the run from the South Philly Italian mob.
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina	Magic and mischief collide as half-human, half-witch Sabrina navigates between two worlds: mortal teen life and her family's legacy, the Church of Night.
Derek	Ricky Gervais created and stars in this heartwarming comedy-drama series as a loyal English nursing home caretaker who sees only the good in everyone.
Imposters	Supported by a team of fellow thieves, a con artist lures her targets into matrimony and then absconds with their fortunes in this darkly comic series.
Legacies	Born into a rare supernatural bloodline, Hope Mikaelson attends a gifted private school to master her powers and control her innate urges for evil.
Lupt	Haunted by disturbing visions, a workaholic takes a vacation with his family, but a detour leads them to an unsettling stranger and chilling events.
Our Planet	Experience our planet's natural beauty and examine how climate change impacts all living creatures in this ambitious documentary of spectacular scope.
Petta	An affable, newly appointed college warden proves to be no ordinary man when an old enemy resurfaces and exposes his complicated, violent past.
Playing Hard	"Step inside the Ubisoft offices, and follow designer Jason VandenBerghe's fight to create the video game ""For Honor"" over four years."
Quicksand	After a tragedy at a school sends shock waves through a wealthy Stockholm suburb, a seemingly well-adjusted teen finds herself on trial for murder.
Rimba Racer	In this animated action series, a rookie driver seeks glory in a world-class auto race, but he’ll need more than just his talent behind the wheel.
Roman Empire: Reign of Blood	This stylish mix of documentary and historical epic chronicles the reign of Commodus, the emperor whose rule marked the beginning of Rome's fall.
Spirit: Riding Free	In a small Western town, spunky ex-city girl Lucky forms a tight bond with wild horse Spirit while having adventures with best pals Pru and Abigail.
The Spy Who Fell to Earth	Based on Dr. Ahron Bregman's book, this documentary examines the life and mysterious death of Ashraf Marwan, an Egyptian billionaire and Israeli spy.
Tijuana	When a prominent politician is murdered, the intrepid journalists of Frente Tijuana risk their lives to uncover the truth.
Unicorn Store	After failing out of art school and taking a humdrum office job, a whimsical painter gets a chance to fulfill her lifelong dream of adopting a unicorn.
Possessed	A reluctant clairvoyant joins forces with a brusque police detective hiding a soft heart to help him solve criminal cases using her psychic abilities.
14 Blades	In the age of the Ming Dynasty, Quinglong is the best of the Jinyiwei, an elite assassin squad made up of highly trained former street urchins. When evil eunuch Jia unseats the emperor, Quinglong is called to action but is quickly betrayed.
Kim's Convenience	While running a convenience store in Toronto, members of a Korean-Canadian family deal with customers, each other and the evolving world around them.
Ricardo Quevedo: Los amargados somos más	From how social media can ruin relationships to the perils of buying a gift for a woman, comic Ricardo Quevedo dissects life's trials and tribulations.
Suzzanna: Buried Alive	After a pregnant woman is murdered, her spirit seeks revenge against her increasingly terrified killers, who are determined to finish her off for good.
Tango	Shocking secrets begin to unravel when the aftermath of a car crash leaves four best friends questioning the truth of their relationships.
Boy Bye	Single entrepreneur Veronica finally starts to believe in love after meeting sexy Lance, but she soon discovers he's hiding something from her.
Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga	As her family seeks to marry her off and a hopeful writer pursues her, a small-town woman struggles to reveal the long-hidden truth about who she loves.
Jagat	In early 1990s Malaysia, a Tamilian boy faces pressure from his immigrant father to focus on school but is drawn to his uncles’ lives of crime.
Kevin Hart: Irresponsible	As a father of three on his second marriage, Kevin Hart proves that being him is indeed a tall order in a fresh special inspired by his own mistakes.
Across The Line	A black high school student sets his sights for the National Hockey League, but rising racial tensions in his community may jeopardize his goals.
American Masters: Ted Williams	Baseball legend Ted Williams fights to become the greatest hitter of all time as he battles family, teammates, the press and even the fans.
Arthur	Russell Brand stars in this remake as a philanderer who must decide whether to give up an inheritance of millions for the sake of romance.
Fracture	Ted Crawford, who allegedly attempted to murder his wife, is now locked in a battle of wits with a young assistant district attorney.
Get Smart	When the identities of secret agents are compromised, hapless Maxwell Smart teams with far more capable Agent 99 to thwart an evil terrorist group.
Hedgehogs	When a hedgehog suffering from memory loss forgets his identity, he ends up on a big city journey with a pigeon to save his habitat from a human threat.
I Am Maris	Through her own words and art, a young woman details the healing power of yoga in her struggle with anorexia and her journey to self-acceptance.
Jesus: Countdown to Calvary	Host Hugh Bonneville traces Jesus' last days to learn how the execution of an itinerant Jewish preacher had an immense impact on society.
JingleKids	In a magical wonderland, merry children and their furry friends explore their unique hobbies while making eye-opening discoveries through adventures.
Kicko & Super Speedo	This high-energy animated series follows a gutsy kid and his trusty race-car pal as they save their city from bad guys and their scary vehicles.
Love O2O	A college stud tries to level up his relationship with a computer science major after becoming attracted to her skills in an online role-playing game.
Midnight Misadventures With Mallika Dua	In this talk show, comedian Mallika Dua serves up big laughs as Shalishka and whips up a meal with her celebrity pals who dish on their diets and lives.
P.S. I Love You	When she loses her beloved husband to a brain tumor, grieving widow Holly Kennedy learns that he left a series of letters behind to help her cope.
Peasants Rebellion	In feudalistic Lebanon, farmers revolt against the nobility under the leadership of a revolutionary figure who champions the oppressed.
Penelope	In this modern fairy tale, a young woman cursed with the nose of a pig lives her life in seclusion – until an unlikely beau stumbles onto the scene.
Pinky Memsaab	When a guileless young woman becomes the domestic worker in a wealthy Dubai household, her bond with her posh employer changes both of their lives.
Pokémon the Series	Ash and his Pikachu travel to the Alola region with his mother and enroll in the Pokémon school, where they confront the nefarious Team Skull.
Secrets of Great British Castles	Join historian Dan Jones on a journey back in time to the zenith of Britain's most iconic structures and their infamous inhabitants.
Sherlock Holmes	Robert Downey Jr. stars as the legendary sleuth Sherlock Holmes in this Guy Ritchie-helmed reinvention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's detective series.
Spy Kids	The tables are turned when pint-sized kids Carmen and Juni must rescue their secret-agent parents from the diabolical clutches of Alexander Minion.
Spy Kids 3: Game Over	Carmen gets caught in a virtual reality game designed by the kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker, and it's up to Juni to save her by beating the game.
That Winter, the Wind Blows	Seeing the chance to enrich himself by deceiving a blind heiress, clever con man Oh Soo just does what comes naturally – but his plans soon change.
The Bye Bye Man	Three college students move into an off-campus house and discover they've unwittingly unleashed a supernatural killer known as the Bye Bye Man.
The Calling	Food-crazed travel junkies journey across India, completing bucket list challenges for a chance to win a once-in-a-lifetime scholarship.
The Devil Is a Part-Timer!	Thwarted in their attempt to take over the world of Ente Isla, Satan and his general Alciel land in modern-day Tokyo, where they take on human form.
The Legend of Michael Mishra	After a life of crime, a notorious kidnapper tries to change his ways and turn over a new leaf to win the heart of the woman he loves.
The Trap	A man returns home to Atlanta to try and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe.
The Trust	Discovering the location of a vault where a drug ring keeps its riches, two run-of-the-mill Las Vegas cops hatch a dicey plan to burgle it.
The World's Most Wanted Animal	A conservationist shares her emotional journey in helping save rare, scaly mammals that have been illegally trafficked and now face extinction.
Ultraman	Decades ago, a hero from the stars left this world in peace. Now, the son of Ultraman must rise to protect the Earth from a new alien threat.
War	When his partner is killed and all clues point to a notorious assassin, FBI agent Jack Crawford sets out for revenge in this taut action-thriller.
Employee of the Month	Warehouse workers Vince and Zack compete in a full-on war to be named Employee of the Month and win a date with their dream girl.
Maggie & Bianca: Fashion Friends	Originally polar opposites, an American fashion student and the daughter of an industry mogul form an everlasting bond and start a rock band in Milan.
Mercy Black	Fifteen years after a traumatic crime, a woman is released from psychiatric care and tries to drive out an evil spirit that continues to haunt her.
The Burial of Kojo	When a man is left to die inside an illegal gold mine, his daughter travels through a magical landscape to save him.
Trailer Park Boys: The Animated Series	Nova Scotia’s favorite miscreants have always been super sketchy. Now, carrying on from the Season 12 finale, the boys have become complete cartoons.
How to Get Away with Murder	Brilliant criminal defense attorney and law professor Annalise Keating, plus five of her students, become involved in a twisted murder case.
Pablo	Equipped with crayons and his creativity, a boy with autism draws an imaginary world where his animal pals help him tackle real-life situations.
15-Aug	On India's Independence Day, a zany mishap in a Mumbai chawl disrupts a young love story while compelling the residents to unite in aid of a little boy.
Bayonet	Alone in Finland, a retired Mexican boxer lives in desolation under the weight of an agonizing past, until he gets a shot at redemption in the ring.
Bitter Daisies	While investigating the disappearance of a teen girl in a tight-knit Galician town, a Civil Guard officer uncovers secrets linked to a loss of her own.
On My Block	In a rough inner-city Los Angeles neighborhood, four smart, funny and streetwise teens find their lifelong friendship tested as they begin high school.
Osmosis	In near-future Paris, two brilliant siblings unveil a high-tech implant designed to pair up soul mates. But the beta test yields unwelcome surprises.
Santa Clarita Diet	They're ordinary husband and wife realtors until she undergoes a dramatic change that sends them down a road of death and destruction. In a good way.
The Bleeder	Husband. Father. Fighter. Meet Chuck Wepner, the liquor salesman and self-proclaimed real-life inspiration behind Rocky Balboa.
The Highwaymen	Two steely former Texas Rangers are tasked with tracking and killing infamous criminals Bonnie and Clyde in this crime drama based on real events.
The Legend of Cocaine Island	An urban legend about a duffel bag of cocaine buried in the Caribbean leads a misfit band to hatch a nutball plan to find it in this comic documentary.
The Terminal	Social pressure, a complicated past and a clash of values beset the life of a businessman and his family.
Traitors	As World War II ends, a young English woman agrees to help an enigmatic American agent root out Russian infiltration of the British government.
Tucker and Dale vs. Evil	"Expecting to relax at their ""vacation"" cabin, two backwoods boys see their trip turn into a nightmare when they're accused of being psychotic killers."
Versailles	King Louis XIV of France commissions a lavish palace that becomes a fierce battleground for love and politics – and a gilded prison for nobility.
Wolves	A promising high school basketball player has his eye on an Ivy League scholarship. But his father's secret addictions could ruin everything.
Ainori Love Wagon: Asian Journey	Seven men and women board a pink bus in search of true love. On a journey through Asia with strangers, their goal is to return to Japan as a couple.
All American	Culture clashes and brewing rivalries test a teen football player from South Los Angeles when he’s recruited to the Beverly Hills High School team.
Danur: I Can See Ghosts	Adapted from a best-selling novel, this horror film shows Risa befriending ghosts until an evil spirit tries to take her sister to the other side.
Verses of Love	Polygamy, piety and personal principles collide for a charming and congenial young university student struggling in a four-way love triangle.
Black Lightning	School principal and retired superhero Jefferson Pierce leaps back into action as the legendary Black Lightning after a gang threatens his family.
Nate Bargatze: The Tennessee Kid	Comic Nate Bargatze touches on air travel, cheap weddings, college football, chocolate milk and the perils of ordering coffee in this stand-up special.
Sei	An aspiring yet aimless actor takes over his ailing father's job as an ambulance driver, unwittingly getting involved in an organ-trafficking network.
The Eagle of El-Se'eed	A police officer and a drug lord become embroiled in a cycle of revenge, each man bent on taking the other down.
Superlopez	In this adaptation of the comic strip, Juan López must balance an office job with heroic feats to save the love of his life and native planet Chitón.
Drugs, Inc.	This absorbing documentary series follows the entire supply chain of the illicit drug trade, tracing its production, export, sale and consumption.
I Don't Know How She Does It	In this affable yuppie comedy, Kate Reddy is a successful executive, wife and mom whose personal and professional lives hang in precarious balance.
Oversize Cops	While investigating a bank robbery, a squad of overweight police officers undergoes rigorous training to shed pounds.
Charlie's Colorforms City	Charlie creates fun stories using different shapes, and he needs your help! Take off for adventures in outer space, the Wild West – and right at home.
Crime Diaries: The Candidate	In 1994, Mexican presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio's assassination sends his dying widow racing to uncover who did it. Based on true events.
Delhi Crime	As Delhi reels in the aftermath of a gang rape, DCP Vartika Chaturvedi leads a painstaking search for the culprits. Based on the 2012 Nirbhaya case.
Mirage	A space-time continuum glitch allows Vera to save a boy's life 25 years earlier, but results in the loss of her daughter, whom she fights to get back.
Most Beautiful Thing	A 1950s housewife goes to Rio de Janeiro to meet up with her husband, only to learn he's deserted her, but decides to stay and open a bossa nova club.
ReMastered: The Miami Showband Massacre	The killing of three members of the Miami Showband sent shock waves across Ireland in 1975. Now one survivor doggedly pursues the truth.
Selling Sunset	The elite real estate brokers at The Oppenheim Group sell the luxe life to affluent buyers in LA. The drama ramps up when a new agent joins the team.
The 10 Sins	In this social drama of sin and remorse, a man reels at the discovery that his wife has been unfaithful, and gives her an ultimatum.
The Dirt	In this unflinching biopic based on Mötley Crüe's best-selling book, four LA misfits navigate the monster highs and savage lows of music superstardom.
The OA	Seven years after vanishing from her home, a young woman returns with mysterious new abilities and recruits five strangers for a secret mission.
The Rolling Stones: Olé Olé Olé! A Trip Across Latin America	Follow the Rolling Stones as the iconic group breaks new ground in Latin America, wrapping a 10-city tour as the first-ever rock band to play in Cuba.
Antoine Griezmann: The Making of a Legend	With heart and determination, Antoine Griezmann overcame his small stature to become one of the world’s top soccer players and a World Cup champion.
Bo on the Go!	Staying at home doesn't mean sitting still for energetic Bo and her little dragon friend Dezzy, who embark on amazing adventures through movement.
Stay Tuned!	She's the most unlikely candidate to ever stumble into the role of a reporter, and she’s keeping everyone on their toes with her eccentric ways.
The Amazing Praybeyt Benjamin	Now a celebrity, Benjie is tasked with taking care of a General's young son, who has information about a looming terrorist threat.
The Super Parental Guardians	Following his best friend's death, Arci takes charge of her two boisterous children with some help from their gang-affiliated uncle.
The Third Party	When aspiring fashion designer Andi reconnects with her ex-boyfriend Max, she's surprised to learn that he's in a relationship with a man.
The Unmarried Wife	Tired of her husband's cheating, Anne begins a passionate new relationship – while still wondering if she should give her marriage another chance.
The Wedding Curse	Two weddings marred by tragedy lead the respective brides to believe that that they've been cursed by an old cultural superstition.
Vince and Kath and James	Love can be complicated, especially when Vince agrees to secretly woo Kath via text on behalf of James – while falling for her, too.
A.X.L.	Young motocross racer Miles Hill helps a top-secret robotic combat dog evade its ruthless creator and the military, who are in hot pursuit.
Alexis Viera: A Story of Surviving	After being shot during a robbery in Colombia and losing sensation in his legs, Uruguayan soccer star Alexis Viera finds a new sense of purpose.
Feb-09	As a psychology professor faces Alzheimer's, his daughter and her three close female friends experience romance, marriage, heartbreak and tragedy.
Imago	A teen with vitiligo struggles with self-doubt and anxiety until a new schoolteacher sees her through a different lens, and urges her to do the same.
My Husband Won't Fit	Kumiko and Kenichi meet in college and build a happy marriage together. But over time, an unusual problem threatens to destroy their relationship.
Amy Schumer Growing	Amy Schumer spills on her new marriage, personal growth, making a baby and her mom's misguided advice in a special that's both raunchy and sincere.
Social Animals	This documentary follows a trio of teens – a daredevil photographer, an aspiring model and a lonely Ohio girl – and Instagram's impact on their lives.
Tinker'	While building a revolutionary machine outlined in his late father's journal, a recluse farmer becomes the guardian for his gifted six-year-old nephew.
All About Nina	Fearless provocation has fueled stand-up comic Nina Geld's career, but a move to LA and a new love take her to new levels of honesty.
5 Flights Up	A couple finds unexpected drama when, after 40 years of living in the same Brooklyn walk-up, they attempt to sell their apartment and buy a new one.
Green Door	A troubled psychologist returns from the U.S. and sets up a clinic in Taiwan, where mysterious patients and uncanny events shed light on his murky past.
A Separation	Amid an impasse in his marriage, a father in Tehran is beset by a bitter feud involving the family of a pious caretaker he hired for his aging dad.
Angry Birds	Birds Red, Chuck and their feathered friends have lots of adventures while guarding eggs in their nest that pesky pigs keep trying to steal.
Bombairiya	A PR agent trying to find her stolen phone, a politician in trouble, and a fading celebrity find their lives intertwining in unexpected, messy ways.
Brain Games	This interactive series uses games, illusions and experiments to illustrate how our brains manufacture our reality and often play tricks on us.
Burn Out	When his son's mom runs afoul of Paris's criminal underworld, a thrill-seeking superbike racer begins moonlighting as a drug courier to clear her debt.
Chief Daddy	When a wealthy patriarch unexpectedly drops dead, his money-crazed family, friends and staff scramble for his billionaire fortune.
Edoardo Ferrario: Temi Caldi	Italian comedian Edoardo Ferrario riffs on life at 30 and unpacks the peculiarities of global travel, social media and people who like craft beer.
G-Force	When a billionaire sets out to take over the world, only one special forces unit can handle the job – a squad of highly trained guinea pigs.
Girl	Fifteen-year-old ballet dancer Lara faces physical and emotional hurdles as she prepares for gender confirmation surgery. Inspired by a true story.
If I Hadn't Met You	Eduard, a husband and father who loses his family in a tragic accident, travels to parallel universes to seek a better fate for his beloved wife.
Jeff Dunham: Arguing with Myself	Playing straight man to partners half his size, ventriloquist Jeff Dunham – one of America's funniest comics – slays audiences across the country.
Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos	Politically incorrect and often raunchy humor pepper ventriloquist Dunham's live concert performance featuring characters Walter, Achmed and Peanut.
Jeff Dunham: Minding the Monsters	Jeff Dunham returns with a haunted house full of his hysterical entourage, and each character stars in its own horror movie trailer.
Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special	Politically incorrect, sometimes raunchy ventriloquist Jeff Dunham is joined by his irreverent cast of characters in this hilarious Christmas special.
Kung Fu Hustle	Sing, a mobster in 1940s China, longs to be as cool as the formally clad Axe Gang, a band of killers who rule Hong Kong, but can only pretend.
Las muñecas de la mafia	"Based on the book ""Las Fantásticas,"" this exciting telenovela follows the tumultuous lives of five women who get mixed up with the Mafia."
Late Life: The Chien-Ming Wang Story	Injuries sidelined the bright career of New York Yankees pitcher Chien-Ming Wang. This documentary captures his relentless battle back to the majors.
Love, Death & Robots	Terrifying creatures, wicked surprises and dark comedy converge in this NSFW anthology of animated stories presented by Tim Miller and David Fincher.
My Pride	After their mother's death, Amal and her brothers struggle to live with their authoritarian father, whose cruelty and neglect break the family apart.
Paskal	Naval unit PASKAL is among the most elite special forces in Malaysia. But all bets are off when one of its own stages a hijacking. Based on true events.
Robozuna	A boy and his homemade robot enter the toughest competition in the universe while attempting to free their oppressed home from an evil empire.
The Disappearance of Madeleine McCann	The documentary takes a detailed look at the disappearance of 3-year-old Madeleine McCann, who vanished while on holiday with her family.
The Lives of Others	As a secret police agent eavesdrops on a successful writer in East Germany in 1984, he becomes increasingly fascinated by the man's life and politics.
The Student	When a law professor fails an ambitious student for academic dishonesty, he goes to terrifying lengths to seek revenge for more than just his grade.
Top 10 Secrets and Mysteries	This series investigates mysteries that persistently elude scientific explanation, such as mythical creatures, UFOs, sacred sites and more.
Turn Up Charlie	A down-and-out DJ plots to rebuild his music career while working as a nanny for his famous best friend's wild 11-year-old daughter.
Twinsanity	When a yoga enthusiast begins to pull away from her identical twin sister and business partner, their lifelong bond turns deadly.
12 ROUND GUN	Dealing with personal demons and the death of his son, a prizefighter attempts a return to the ring by challenging his rival to a 12-round rematch.
A Love Story	Self-made millionaire Ian thinks he's found happiness when he marries caring Joanna, but his love is put to the test when he meets stewardess Karyn.
Barcelona: A Love Untold	While pursuing a degree in Spain, an architecture student struggling with grief meets a fellow expatriate trying to flee a difficult family life.
Everything About Her	A hard-driving real estate tycoon who becomes ill with cancer hires a medical caretaker who helps her begin to mend fences with her estranged son.
Finally Found Someone	After a woman is very publicly left at the altar, the PR expert hired to fix the situation winds up falling in love with her.
Seven Sundays	A dying father asks his busy and grown children to spend their Sundays with him, forcing his family to confront their issues before it's too late.
More to Say	After her son dies in an accident, a legal consultant is forced to prove her innocence when she's accused of his murder.
The Land of Hypocrisy	A hardworking man in a thankless job meets a mysterious doctor who sells him powerful pills that throw his life into disarray.
Triple Frontier	Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences.
A Man Called God	Raised in America, government agent Choi Kang-Ta returns to Korea with the skills of an assassin and a thirst for revenge on his father’s killers.
Cain and Abel	Gifted doctor Cho-in leads a charmed life while his older brother Seon-woo seethes with jealousy in this series inspired by Biblical characters.
Jimmy Carr: The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits	Nothing is off limits as Jimmy Carr serves up the most outrageous jokes from his stand-up career in a special that's not for the faint of heart.
Terrace House: Opening New Doors	A group of young people – including a chef, a snowboarder and an ice hockey player – gather in the Karuizawa woods while pursuing their dreams.
Eugenie Nights	In 1940s Port Said, Kariman finds comfort and solace in the arms of an unhappily married man, who also happens to be her abusive husband's brother.
This Evening	The lives of a wealthy couple hiding their marital problems intersect with a group of hackers and the young women they exploit.
Into the Badlands	Dreaming of escaping to a distant city, a ferocious warrior and a mysterious boy tangle with territorial warlords and their highly trained killers.
Apollo 18	This sci-fi thriller suggests that Apollo 17, despite official statements to the contrary, wasn't NASA's last manned mission to the moon.
Club Friday The Series 6	Based on a Thai radio show that gives love advice to callers, this series dramatizes stories of infidelity, love triangles, sexual identity and more.
After Life	Struggling to come to terms with his wife's death, a writer for a newspaper adopts a gruff new persona in an effort to push away those trying to help.
Bangkok Love Stories: Hey You!	A loving couple become rivals when Belle opens a fusion bistro next to her ex-boyfriend Kram’s traditional restaurant in Bangkok’s chic Ari district.
Blue Jasmine	The high life leads to high anxiety for a fashionable New York City homemaker in crisis who finds herself forced to live a more modest lifestyle.
Champions	Years after getting his girlfriend pregnant, washed-up jock Vince meets his eccentric son Michael and learns about fatherhood, one show tune at a time.
Disappearance	A university lecturer in Russia returns to Egypt after her husband's sudden disappearance, uncovering further mysteries the more she investigates.
Formula 1: Drive to Survive	Drivers, managers and team owners live life in the fast lane – both on and off the track – during one cutthroat season of Formula 1 racing.
Hajwala 2: Mysterious Mission	In this sequel, a group of expert drivers skilled in drifting and high-speed racing is recruited to perform obscure tasks for a shadowy gang.
Hunter X Hunter (2011)	To fulfill his dreams of becoming a legendary Hunter like his dad, a young boy must pass a rigorous examination and find his missing father.
Immortals	Driven by revenge, human-turned-vampire Mia sets out to vanquish Dmitry, a ruthless vampire leader who seeks an artifact that grants immortality.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	Multiple generations of the Joestar family – all with the same nickname – confront supernatural villains through a series of time periods.
Juanita	Burdened by troubles in life and love, a mother of three grown children searches for hope and healing on an impromptu trip to Paper Moon, Montana.
Lady J	When her romance with a lustful marquis takes an unwelcome turn, a wealthy widow concocts a scheme to get revenge – with help from a younger woman.
Shadow	Haunted by a tragic loss, an ex-cop with a rare inability to feel pain strikes out on his own to catch offenders who've eluded Johannesburg police.
Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams	Spy kids Carmen and Juni Cortez team up with two other pint-size secret agents, Gary and Gerti Giggles, in order to take on an evil scientist.
The Confrontation	A woman struggling with sleep paralysis begins a complicated relationship with the director of a media company, whose colleagues conspire against him.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus	When a deal with the devil comes due, the immortal Doctor Parnassus must renegotiate the pact to save his daughter and right the wrongs of his past.
The Jane Austen Book Club	Six book club members find their lives resemble a modern-day version of Jane Austen's novels in this drama.
Walk. Ride. Rodeo.	In the wake of an accident that leaves her paralyzed, a champion rodeo rider vows to get back on her horse and compete again. Based on a true story.
Doubt	Sister Aloysius begins to have doubts about doting Father Flynn, who seems to have become overly involved in the life of an African American pupil.
Nappily Ever After	When a perfectionist ad exec experiences a romantic setback, she embarks on a journey of self-discovery that begins with a dramatic hair makeover.
Sisterakas	Two half siblings separated by family conflict cross paths as adults at a fashion agency – but one of them has a vendetta, unbeknownst to the other.
Starting Over Again	An architecture student and a history professor fall in love, pursue a dream, split up and bump into each other years later. Can there be a second chance?
That Thing Called Tadhana	A devastating breakup with her boyfriend may be the start of a new beginning for Mace, thanks to an adventurous and kind stranger named Anthony.
The Love Affair	Feeling betrayed by their romantic partners' infidelity, Adrianne and Vince struggle to forgive while finding comfort with each other.
The Order	Out to avenge his mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson	This anthology series dramatizes historic criminal cases in the U.S., including the O.J. Simpson trial and Andrew Cunanan's 1997 murder spree.
Hap and Leonard	In late-1980s Texas, two best friends get involved in darkly comic misadventures by hiring themselves out to shady clients for illicit ends.
Secret City	A student's protest leads to a government scandal that has personal and professional repercussions for one of Australia's toughest journalists.
The Assassination of Gianni Versace	Defining moments in Andrew Cunanan's life, starting in childhood, lead up to a 1997 murder spree that kills five, including fashion icon Gianni Versace.
A Korean Odyssey	A self-serving mythical creature's bid for invincibility backfires when he finds himself at the mercy of a woman who can see otherworldly beings.
Bedtime Stories	Skeeter's life is turned upside down when the fantastical stories he makes up to entertain his niece and nephew inexplicably turn into reality.
Caregiver	Sarah leaves her son in the Philippines to reunite with her husband in London, where she struggles personally and professionally as a care-home worker.
Christopher Robin	Now a careworn middle-aged man, Christopher Robin goes on a familiar adventure when his old pal Winnie the Pooh brings him to the Hundred Acre Wood.
The Hard Way	After learning his brother died on a mission in Romania, a former soldier teams up with two allies to hunt down a mysterious enemy and exact revenge.
Everyday I Love You	While patiently waiting for her boyfriend to come out of his coma, Audrey finds herself falling for the caring and successful Ethan.
I Am	Four individuals in modern India grapple with their identities amid social taboos, trauma and brutal sexual discrimination in this quartet of stories.
Kid Kulafu	Growing up in poverty and political turmoil, he found his way out in the ring. The early years of world-famous boxer Manny Pacquiao unfolds in this biopic.
My Only Mother	After the untimely demise of her first three husbands, a stoic single mom is left to raise twelve children on her own and provide for her big family.
No Other Woman	A happily married man gives in to temptation when a wealthy client pursues him, setting off a torrid love triangle.
The Dawn Wall	Cameras follow Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson as they take on the staggering challenge of free-climbing Yosemite’s most formidable rock formation.
Exit Strategy	When James's living situation turns sour, he has little choice but to move in with his new girlfriend – a decision he almost immediately regrets.
Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life	At Hills Village Middle School, budding cartoonist Rafe and best pal Leo challenge their uptight principal by breaking every rule in his handbook.
Contract	Following the death of his wife and daughter in a terrorist attack, an ex-Indian army commando agrees to infiltrate a terrorist cell.
Dear Dad	A father and son bond on an impromptu road trip over deep conversations, unexpected confessions, strange encounters ... and a drunken escapade.
River's Edge	High schooler Haruna befriends loner Yamada, then is drawn into the tangled relationship between him, a model and the girl who loves him unreasonably.
Sarkar	A ruthless businessman’s mission to expose electoral fraud brings him into a heated and dangerous political conflict with two corrupt ministers.
Sarkar	A ruthless businessman’s mission to expose electoral fraud brings him into a heated and dangerous political conflict with two corrupt ministers.
Saving Mr. Banks	"When Walt Disney sets his sights on obtaining the rights to the children's classic ""Mary Poppins,"" the book's author proves a tough nut to crack."
The Guild	Fantasy and reality collide when a surprisingly diverse group of online video-game addicts struggle to balance the game with personal relationships.
Wakefield	An unhappy father and lawyer quits his suburban life and vanishes into the attic above his garage, where he watches his family move on without him.
War Chhod Na Yaar	Set in an India-Pakistan border post, this satirical but thought-provoking comedy about war deals with serious events in a humorous manner.
Weapon of Choice	Speaking to retailers and owners of the Glock pistol, two filmmakers shed light on the politics of violence and its implications from Chicago to Kirkuk.
Zubaan	A scrappy but poor boy worms his way into a tycoon's dysfunctional family, while facing his fear of music and the truth about his past.
2,215	This intimate documentary follows rock star Artiwara Kongmalai on his historic, 2,215-kilometer charity run across Thailand in 2017.
An Interview with God	After an assignment in a war zone, a journalist trying to put his life back together is granted an interview with someone claiming to be God.
BNK48: Girls Don't Cry	Members of the Thai idol girl group BNK48 open up about their experiences beyond the spotlight, their training and the nature of fame.
Budapest	Two best friends put their careers and marriages on the line when they launch a business hosting outrageous, anything-goes bachelor parties in Hungary.
Christmas in the Smokies	In the Smoky Mountains, an ambitious woman works to save her family's historic berry farm as her ex, a country music star, returns to town.
Cricket Fever: Mumbai Indians	Follow Indian Premier League champions Mumbai Indians through the 2018 season in this series featuring insider insights and intense cricket action.
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon	A young woman in ancient China longs for an adventurous life rather than a dull arranged marriage in Ang Lee's Oscar-winning martial arts epic.
Dead in a Week (Or Your Money Back)	After several failed attempts at taking his own life, a young man hires an aging assassin who’ll do anything to fend off retirement.
Doomsday Preppers	This series highlights a diverse group of survivalists as they prepare for various catastrophic scenarios that could cause civilization to collapse.
Guru Aur Bhole	A singer and a dancer who are best friends use their artistic abilities to get out of one hilariously sticky situation after another.
Haunting on Fraternity Row	When a fraternity's last big luau serves up horrible deaths to its partygoers, the brothers learn firsthand about their house’s frightening history.
Hulk Vs.	This action-packed animated double feature pits the Hulk against two of the Marvel Universe's most powerful characters: Wolverine and Thor.
Junebug	When a big-city art dealer travels to North Carolina to meet her new husband's small-town family, their trip gives rise to a multitude of problems.
Kilo Two Bravo	On patrol in Afghanistan, a British paratrooper unit unwittingly ventures into a dry riverbed that turns out to be littered with land mines.
Larva Island	Stranded on a tropical island, two silly larva buddies find slapstick fun in everything from discovering food to meeting new animal friends.
Layer Cake	A seasoned British drug dealer longs to ditch his illegal trade. But he can't do that without wrapping up just one more job.
Losers	"In a ""winning is everything"" society, how do we handle failure? This series profiles athletes who have turned the agony of defeat into human triumph."
Northern Rescue	After the sudden death of his wife, search and rescue commander John West relocates with his three kids to his rural hometown of Turtle Island Bay.
Pants on Fire	Jealous girlfriends and aliens are just some of the things Jack lied about to become popular. Now the lies are coming to life and ruining everything.
Paranormal Investigation	When a young man becomes possessed after playing a Ouija game, a ghost hunter investigates the evil spirit dwelling within him.
Radio Rebel	Shy student Tara has a secret identity: She is smooth-talking Radio Rebel, a DJ who lends her voice to all kids, popular and unpopular alike.
Room for Rent	To save his parents’ home, a lottery-squandering 32-year-old man sublets a room to a disarmingly creepy tenant.
Sab Jholmaal Hai	In this madcap comedy, two mischievous cats, a talking parrot and a high-strung dog keep getting into trouble while their human is away.
Sarvam Thaala Mayam (Tamil Version)	An aspiring musician battles age-old caste divides to be able to learn the art of a classical instrument from a traditionalist, veteran percussionist.
The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind	Inspired by a science book, 13-year-old William Kamkwamba builds a wind turbine to save his Malawian village from famine. Based on a true story.
The Christmas Project	Four brothers prepare for war when they're forced to deliver secret holiday gifts to the school bullies. But they soon learn kindness goes a long way.
The Disastrous Life of Saiki K.	High school sophomore Kusuo Saiki swore as a child that he would keep his psychic talents hidden, but his abilities still make his life difficult.
The Incredible Story of the Giant Pear	Sebastian the elephant and his feline friend Mithco sail on a gigantic peach to rescue Sunnytown's beloved mayor, who's stranded on a mysterious island.
The Last Runway	An ex-colonel forms a special paramilitary group focused on combatting drug trafficking on the Paraguayan border.
The Spiderwick Chronicles	When city-raised twins move to a tumbledown country mansion, it's quite an adjustment – especially after they uncover a magical fantasy world.
ThirTEEN Terrors	A group of teens searches for the dark truth behind their school's mysterious and brutal history.
Tyson	In this surprisingly emotional documentary, heavyweight champ Mike Tyson analyzes the controversies surrounding his career and turbulent private life.
Wet Hot American Summer	"Everyone wants a final shot at action on the last day at Camp Firewood, in this campy 1980s summer-camp spoof from the creators of ""The State."""
Winter's Bone	In this unflinching noir drama, a resilient teen goes on the trail of her missing, drug-dealing father when his absence threatens the family's safety.
Your Son	After his son is brutally beaten outside a nightclub, a surgeon takes the law into his own hands and seeks vengeance against the perpetrators.
Billy Graham: An Extraordinary Journey	This documentary recounts the life story of evangelist preacher Billy Graham featuring interviews with family members and former presidents.
Mine	When a Marine's mission goes awry, he must survive behind enemy lines – without stepping off a mine – among the harsh elements of a desert war zone.
Quién te cantará	When a near-drowning leaves a famous singer from the '90s with amnesia, she hires a karaoke singer who can imitate her to prep her for a comeback tour.
The Rebound	This documentary follows three players on the Miami Heat Wheels, who face long odds on the way to the national wheelchair basketball championship.
A Second Chance	Following their storybook wedding, Popoy and Basha find married life – and starting a business together – more challenging than they ever imagined.
Beauty and the Bestie	Finding himself in a desperate situation, undercover agent Emman asks his former best friend, Erika, to join him on a dangerous mission.
Bride For Rent	Rocco needs to hire a bride so he can access his trust fund. Rocky desperately needs a job. Their marriage starts out fake, but ends up as much more.
Can't Help Falling in Love	Gab is eager to tie the knot with her handsome boyfriend, but there's a problem, and it's a doozy: She's already married to a total stranger.
Evening Shadows	When her son comes out to her as gay, a religious mother struggles to reconcile his truth with her own beliefs and their orthodox family values.
Four Sisters and a Wedding	Four sisters unite to stop their young brother's pending nuptials upon meeting his fiancée’s demanding family, revealing long-simmering family issues.
Girl, Boy, Bakla, Tomboy	Quadruplets separated as babies reunite in Manila when one needs a liver transplant, but long-held family resentments threaten to derail everything.
It Takes a Man and a Woman	Laida and Miggy used to be in love, but now they're forced to work together in a professional capacity – and neither is completely over their past.
My Ex & Whys	Popular blogger Cali is hired for a marketing campaign alongside another viral sensation: her ex-boyfriend Gio, who's intent on winning her back.
Rise: Ini Kalilah	Inspired by Malaysia's 14th General Election, this film trails six individuals and the obstacles they face in the days leading up to the historic event.
She's Dating the Gangster	To make another woman jealous, a campus heartthrob asks a fellow student to be his pretend girlfriend, but fate has other plans for the fake couple.
The Breakup Playlist	A rock musician and a law student whose true passion is music fall in love and pursue a romance that complicates both of their blossoming careers.
The Mistress	The mistress of a wealthy businessman is torn between her loyalty to him and her love for a young architect connected to her in unexpected ways.
The Only Mother To You All	Raising her large family alone after her husband's death, Ina searches for work and finally lands the most unlikely job: president of the Philippines.
Unsolved	Ride along for a dramatized version of the real-life investigations into the murders of rap icons Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls.
You Changed My Life	Laida and Miggy think they've found perfect happiness with each other, until their burgeoning careers force them into a long-distance relationship.
You're My Boss	Pong, a corporate assistant, poses as his company’s president in order to help Georgina, a marketing executive, close a crucial business deal.
Our Idiot Brother	A seemingly clueless idealist relies on his exasperated sisters for shelter and support after his girlfriend dumps him and his dog is taken away.
Zach Galifianakis: Live at the Purple Onion	The unorthodox, piano-playing stand-up star Zach Galifianakis makes a splash on the scene and serves up a healthy dose of his signature wit.
Blue Ruin	Bad news from the past unhinges vagabond Dwight Evans, sending him on a mission of bloody retribution that takes him to his childhood hometown.
Dolphin Tale 2	Winter the dolphin, who survived a tragic injury by receiving a prosthetic tail, bonds with an orphaned baby dolphin after her beloved pool mate dies.
Life of An Outcast	When authorities jail his son for rejecting religious bias, a poor father’s struggle to bail him out highlights rural India’s enduring casteism.
Attack on Titan	With his hometown in ruins, young Eren Yeager becomes determined to fight back against the giant Titans that threaten to destroy the human race.
Ghost Pain	World War IV is over, but a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization.
Ghost Tears	As Motoko and Batou attempt to thwart a mysterious terrorist group, Togusa tracks the killer of a man with a prosthetic leg made by Mermaid's Leg.
Ghost Whispers	Freed of her responsibilities for the 501 Organization, Motoko must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki.
Babylon Berlin	A Soviet freight train's hijacking leads a haunted cop and a poor typist to uncover a political conspiracy amid the vice and glamour of 1929 Berlin.
The Photographer Of Mauthausen	A Catalán prisoner at a Nazi concentration camp uses his office job to steal photo negatives of the atrocities committed there. Based on true events.
Bert Kreischer: The Machine	From his run-in with a grizzly bear to partying with the Russian mafia, the shirtless comic returns with laugh-out-loud tales in this stand-up special.
Chef's Table	In this Emmy-nominated docuseries, find out what's inside the kitchens and minds of the international culinary stars who are redefining gourmet food.
Firebrand	While she successfully advocates for her female clients in difficult divorce cases, a lawyer’s trauma from sexual assault impacts her own marriage.
Paddleton	After he's diagnosed with terminal cancer, middle-aged Michael asks his neighbor friend Andy to help him end his life before the disease does.
Paris Is Us	Amid a turbulent romance and rising tensions in Paris, a young woman finds herself caught in a dizzying spiral of dreams, memories and what-ifs.
Rebellion	As World War I rages, three women and their families in Dublin choose sides in the violent Easter Rising revolt against British rule.
Shonar Pahar	An older woman's unique friendship with a young boy inspires her to examine the strained relationship she shares with her married son.
Suburra: Blood on Rome	In 2008, a fight over land in a seaside town near Rome spirals into a deadly battle between organized crime, corrupt politicians and the Vatican.
The Big Family Cooking Showdown	In this unscripted series, families passionate about food serve up their most delicious dishes for the chance to be crowned Britain's best home cooks.
The Prince	A former Mafia hit man living quietly as a mechanic veers back into his old world after his daughter is abducted and faces an old foe in New Orleans.
The Unknown Known	Donald Rumsfeld reviews his long political career, from his time in Congress to serving as secretary of defense under Gerald Ford and George W. Bush.
Trespass Against Us	A man from a criminal family yearns to break away and find a better life, but his father's staunch opposition puts his dreams of freedom in jeopardy.
Z4	Fading music biz veteran Zé realizes he has just one more chance at redemption: He must assemble a hit boy band from a ragtag group of pop newbies.
The Drug King	A petty smuggler from Busan dives headfirst into illicit drug trafficking in the 1970s and rises to become king of narcotics exports to Japan.
The Intent 2: The Come Up	During a trip to Jamaica, a London gang targets a disloyal member who has been meeting with rivals. Meanwhile, an undercover cop stands among them.
Kevin James: Sweat the Small Stuff	The film and television star riffs on life's many royal pains in this hourlong special taped at New York City's Hudson Theatre in 2001.
Transformer	Powerlifter Matt Kroczaleski faced his greatest challenge when he came out as transgender. This documentary captures his transition into a woman.
Postcards from London	After being recruited to be a raconteur in London, a handsome teenager discovers he suffers from a rare condition where he faints upon seeing fine art.
Spy Kids: All the Time in the World	Former Spy Kids Carmen and Juni return to help twin siblings Rebecca and Cecil Wilson save the world with their retired secret-agent stepmother.
The 2000s	Examine the triumphs, tragedies, cultural shifts and technological leaps that occurred during the millennium's first decade.
Genius	Extreme pressure from his father to excel at school during childhood has dangerous psychological effects on a brilliant but suicidal man’s adult life.
The Returned	On returning home and finding they're believed to be dead, a collection of near-strangers from the same village try to find a reason for their plight.
Black Sea	A hard-driving submarine captain is hired to steal gold from a sunken Nazi sub, but there's no honor among thieves during this underwater heist.
Studio 54	This documentary follows the rapid rise and fall of the Manhattan discotheque and the glittery debauchery that attracted the city's eccentric and elite.
The Super	When an ex-cop becomes a superintendent of an apartment building, he suspects the sinister janitor is behind the eerie disappearances of its tenants.
Alone in Berlin	After learning of their son's death on the battlefield, a grieving Berlin couple embark on a quietly dangerous act of resistance against Adolf Hitler.
Among Family	Amid a marital crisis, Fikret befriends songstress Solmaz after a wacky encounter and must fill in as the father of her soon-to-wed daughter.
Anchor and Hope	Kat and Eva’s happy romance hits a rough patch when Eva decides that she wants a child. Visiting friend Roger could help complete their family.
Awe	Disparate characters, including an aspiring time traveler, a phony chef, a drug-addicted waitress and several others, share a surprising connection.
Ayana	With his carefree bachelor days behind him, a young entrepreneur’s ambitions for adulthood come with some painful personal and professional decisions.
Behind the Curve	Meet the growing, worldwide community of theorists who defend the belief that the Earth is flat while living in a society who vehemently rejects it.
Buddies	"Inspired by the movie ""Thelma & Louise,"" three young people with Down syndrome leave the institution where they live to take a road trip together."
Candyflip	On the incandescent shores of Goa, a young man tumbles down a mind-bending – and soon dangerous – series of trips after taking hallucinatory drugs.
Chameli	While taking shelter from a Mumbai monsoon, an investment banker forms an unlikely connection with a naïve prostitute over the course of the night.
Deadly Scholars	After a series of strange deaths, a high school reporter tries to pin down the killer who's targeting students eligible for a prestigious scholarship.
Fatso	Killed too soon due to a clerical error in heaven, a man is sent back to earth with a new lease on life, this time in the body of his portly friend.
Hjørdis	"This miniseries spinoff of ""Rita"" follows teacher Hjørdis as she plans a school play on bullying featuring a cast of socially awkward students."
Larry Charles' Dangerous World of Comedy	Legendary comedy writer and director Larry Charles travels the world in search of humor in the most unusual, unexpected and dangerous places.
My Travel Buddy	Days before Eid, a salesman fired from his job drives to Ayvalık to meet his girlfriend's family, but the trip goes astray due to his zany travel buddy.
Neevevaro	When a blind chef’s girlfriend goes missing, his unnerving search for her leads him to find there's more to her disappearance than what meets the eye.
Never Heard	As his father sits behind bars, a young man is lured into Los Angeles' merciless drug world and forced to choose between God and gang life.
Outlawed	After a failed mission, an ex-Royal Marines Commando tries to overcome his demons while investigating the death of his ex-girlfriend's father.
Pyaar Ke Side Effects	A commitment-phobe agrees to marry his girlfriend, setting in motion a series of hilarious mishaps that has him questioning what he got himself into.
Sur: The Melody of Life	A renowned music teacher mentors a promising young singer, but when her fame begins to overshadow his own, he lets jealousy and competition take over.
The 43	This docuseries disputes the Mexican government's account of how and why 43 students from Ayotzinapa Rural Teachers' College vanished in Iguala in 2014.
The Breaker Upperers	For the right price, BFFs Jen and Mel will ruthlessly end any romance. But when one of them grows a conscience, their friendship begins to unravel.
The Detained	Five high school students serving Saturday detention in a former corrections facility must find a way to outsmart an unseen menace out to kill them.
The Kirlian Frequency	In the midnight hour, a lone DJ broadcasts the strangest – and scariest – tales from the outer edges of Kirlian, a lost city somewhere in Argentina.
The Umbrella Academy	Reunited by their father's death, estranged siblings with extraordinary powers uncover shocking family secrets – and a looming threat to humanity.
Ugly Aur Pagli	Everyday guy Kabir is thrown for a loop when he meets Kuhu, a freewheeling party girl. Now, he's a changed man, dancing, running half-naked through the streets and donning ladies' shoes at her whim.
Ugly Duckling	Young women face up to their insecurities and circumstances, finding love and laughs along the way. Featuring a different storyline every season.
You're Everything To Me	When an old fling shows up with their infant child, a dallying man-child must take on the role of father and create a fairytale world for his daughter.
Yucatán	Competing con artists attempt to creatively and ruthlessly swindle a fatherly lottery winner while on a lively cruise from Spain to Mexico.
Barbie Dreamhouse Adventures	Get to know Barbie and her BFFs – including next-door neighbor Ken – in this animated vlog of adventures filmed inside her family's new dreamhouse.
Dating Around	In each episode of flirtations and fails, one real-life single navigates five blind dates. The mission: Find one match worthy of a second date.
Grass	Good girl Cam recruits her pot-loving bestie Jinky to help deliver a backpack full of weed for her drug-dealing fiancé.
Ken Jeong: You Complete Me, Ho	"In his first-ever stand-up special, Ken Jeong pays tribute to his wife and shares stories about Hollywood and how ""The Hangover"" saved his life."
Velvet Colección	"In the late '60s, fashion designer Ana enlists friends Clara, Pedro and Raúl to open a store and design school in Barcelona in this ""Velvet"" spinoff."
Merantau	In this fast-paced Indonesian thriller, a young martial arts master travels to Jakarta, where he saves an orphan from a human-trafficking ring.
Period. End of Sentence.	In rural India, where the stigma of menstruation persists, women make low-cost sanitary pads on a new machine and stride toward financial independence.
Ten Years	Five shorts reveal a fictional Hong Kong in 2025, depicting a dystopian city where residents and activists face crackdowns under iron-fisted rule.
We the Animals	A trio of brothers cope with their parents' volatile relationship by running wild and unchecked, and one of them experiences a visceral awakening.
God Bless the Broken Road	After a young mother is widowed by war, her faith is tested as she struggles to stay afloat financially and raise her daughter.
Iron Ladies	Three 30-something women in high-level jobs at a beauty e-commerce firm seem to have it all – except when it comes to love and romantic chemistry.
The Break	A police detective mourning a painful loss moves back to his peaceful hometown, only to be drawn into a murder case that dredges up dark secrets.
Big Mouth	Teenage friends find their lives upended by the wonders and horrors of puberty in this edgy comedy from real-life pals Nick Kroll and Andrew Goldberg.
Don't Knock Twice	A recovering addict becomes her estranged daughter's only hope after the teen awakens a terrifying child-stealing witch from an urban legend.
High Flying Bird	When an NBA lockout sidelines his big rookie client, an agent hatches a bold plan to save their careers – and disrupt the league's power structure.
Incredibles 2 (Spanish Version)	When Elastigirl gets recruited for a high-profile crime-fighting mission, Mr. Incredible takes on his toughest assignment ever: full-time parenting.
Kevin Hart's Guide to Black History	Kevin Hart highlights the fascinating contributions of black history’s unsung heroes in this entertaining – and educational – comedy special.
Man Like Mobeen	Mobeen is trying to be a good friend, follow the faith and raise his teenage sister. Yet his past – and everyday life – complicates matters.
Nailed It! Mexico	The fun, fondant and hilarious cake fails head to Mexico, where very amateur bakers compete to re-create elaborate sweet treats for a cash prize.
One Day at a Time	"In a reimagining of the TV classic, a newly single Latina mother raises her teen daughter and tween son with the ""help"" of her old-school mom."
ReMastered: The Two Killings of Sam Cooke	While Sam Cooke rose to stardom as a soul singer, his outspoken views on civil rights drew attention that may have contributed to his death at age 33.
The Tree of Blood	As a young couple write the story of their families' shared history, both reveal their relatives' dark secrets and one must make a painful confession.
Unauthorized Living	When a Galician shipper and drug lord hiding his Alzheimer's disease plans to retire, his second-in-command plots to steal the empire from the heir.
Lez Bomb	A young woman's attempt to come out of the closet on Thanksgiving gets complicated when her male roommate shows up to her parents' home unannounced.
The Last of the Schmucks	The year is 2041 and a dispute between a man and his wife has set the human race back. In this battle of the sexes, the primitive life isn't so simple.
Di Renjie zhi Sidatianwang	Framed by an empress who plans to steal a dragon-taming mace, imperial magistrate Dee Renjie soon uncovers a greater plot that threatens the kingdom.
The Confirmation	A divorced handyman with a drinking problem bonds with his 8-year-old son when a search for his stolen toolbox leads to a series of misadventures.
Hidden Worlds	While investigating an actress’s supposed suicide and her connection to the mafia, a veteran journalist discovers that corruption runs deep.
Live	The police officers at South Korea's busiest patrol division toil day and night as keepers of law and peace – but the reality is far from orderly.
Ray Romano: Right Here, Around the Corner	Ray Romano cut his stand-up teeth at the Comedy Cellar in New York. Now, in his first comedy special in 23 years, he returns to where it all began.
Safe	After his teenage daughter goes missing, a widowed surgeon in an affluent neighborhood begins unearthing dark secrets about the people closest to him.
Tayee	An Egyptian doctor becomes a police informant and uses his rare gift of tracking ancient artifacts in the smuggling business.
Violet Evergarden	The war is over, and Violet Evergarden needs a job. Scarred and emotionless, she takes a job as a letter writer to understand herself and her past.
Romance is a bonus book	A gifted writer who's the youngest editor-in-chief ever at his publishing company gets enmeshed in the life of a former copywriter desperate for a job.
All Light Will End	A horror novelist with a traumatic past returns to her childhood hometown, where she revisits her night terrors and loses sight of reality.
Await Further Instructions	A family’s tense reunion turns terrifying when they get trapped in their home by an unknown force, and sinister commands begin appearing on their TV.
Bordertown	A gifted detective takes a job in a small town so he can spend more time with his family. But he's soon drawn into a web of disturbing murder cases.
Club Friday The Series 8	The eighth installment of this popular Thai series, based on a real-life call-in radio show, dramatizes personal stories of romance and heartbreak.
Manusangada	When caste discrimination prevents a villager from giving his deceased father a rightful burial, he takes his fight for equality to court.
One Strange Rock	Hosted by Will Smith, this series follows eight astronauts who share their unique perspectives on Earth, the fragile and beautiful planet we call home.
Viking Destiny	Framed for her father’s murder, an exiled Viking princess is guided by the god Odin as she prepares to return to her kingdom and reclaim the throne.
14 Minutes from Earth	A Google executive boldly attempts a death-defying mission to travel to space and free-fall back to Earth without a rocket.
About a Boy	Hip, irresponsible Londoner Will invents an imaginary son and starts attending single-parent meetings to find available women.
Always a Witch	A young 17th-century witch time travels to the future to save the man she loves, but first must adjust to present-day Cartagena and defeat a dark rival.
Beast Legends	A diverse crew of experts dive deep into the origin stories of mythological monsters before building replicas of the creatures using 3D CGI technology.
Billy Elliot	When a boy trades boxing school for ballet lessons, he may take his newfound talent all the way to the top - and win over his disapproving father.
Camp X	Established during World War II, North America's first secret agent training school – known as Camp X – paved the way for present-day espionage.
Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore	Cats and dogs must set aside their differences and merge animal instincts when Kitty Galore decides to claw her way to global domination.
Dangerous Roads	Using various 4x4 vehicles, celebrities steer their way across some of the most infamous roads and trickiest terrains on earth.
Dear Ex	A teen navigates a bitter feud between his willful mom and a free-spirited man, who's the lover and insurance beneficiary of his recently deceased dad.
E-Cigarettes: Miracle or Menace?	This documentary investigates the surge in vaping culture and whether e-cigarettes can really help smokers kick the habit.
Free Rein: Valentine's Day	Love is in the air as Zoe and friends go on a quest to find a fabled Maid's Stone. But when rivalry blinds them to danger, it's Raven to the rescue!
Guilty	When a teen and her family's hired servant turn up dead, inept police bungle the inquiry and wind up fingering a controversial prime suspect.
Harold Shipman - Driven to Kill	Interviews and dramatic reconstructions illuminate the twisted motivations and brazen crimes of serial killer and respected physician, Harold Shipman.
Have You Seen the Listers?	This documentary paints a candid picture of Australian street artist Anthony Lister as he navigates his burgeoning career and personal hardships.
Heal	Stories from spiritual leaders, physicians and those with chronic illnesses reveal the powerful connection between the human psyche and physical health.
Hunters of the South Seas	In a far corner of the Pacific Ocean, people who live entirely at sea share insights into their incredible amphibious lifestyle.
Lego DC Comics: Batman Be-Leaguered	When Superman and the other Justice League superheroes start disappearing, it's up to Batman to unravel the caper and save the day.
Lego Friends	As a way to make friends, new girl in town Olivia volunteers to work at the Heartlake City World Petacular with four other girls.
Lego Friends: Girls on a Mission	Five best friends put their teamwork, wits and courage to the test when they take on a mission to protect Heartlake City from bad people.
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Black Panther	When Thanos joins forces with villains Killmonger and Klaue to destroy Earth, Black Panther rushes to stop them from stealing Wakanda's vibranium.
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Guardians of the Galaxy	The Guardians are on a mission to deliver the Build Stone to the Avengers before the Ravagers, Thanos and his underlings steal it from them.
LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu	Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane must master their elemental powers and Spinjitzu weapons to protect the land of Ninjago, which also has an underworld.
LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu: Day of the Departed	Cole finds himself trapped in Yang's temple after accidentally releasing a host of villainous spirits that the Ninja must defeat.
Littlest Pet Shop: A World of Our Own	In Paw-Tucket, pets of all types form friendships, pursue their passions and have a great time being themselves.
Lo que la verdad esconde: El caso Asunta (Operacion Nenúfar)	This true crime series investigates newfound evidence and unanswered questions in famous criminal cases, such as the murder of Asunta Basterra Porto.
Malicious	After receiving a strange present, a professor and his pregnant wife are plagued by tragedy and a paranormal presence that's determined to kill.
My Tattoo Addiction	Ink junkies dig skin deep and share personal stories about their collection of body art.
Ninja Assassin	When his best friend is murdered by the shadowy Ozunu clan, Raizo, an orphan raised to be an assassin, vows revenge.
Operation Gold Rush	A team of modern-day adventurers follows the footsteps of the money-hungry explorers who trekked the Klondike in search of Canadian gold.
Personal Shopper	A psychic medium takes a job as personal shopper for a spoiled celebrity in order to contact the spirit of her brother, who owned her employer's home.
Russian Doll	Nadia keeps dying and reliving her 36th birthday party. She's trapped in a surreal time loop – and staring down the barrel of her own mortality.
Sparta	While investigating the mysterious death of a teacher, a grizzled detective gets caught up in the world of a high-stakes virtual reality game.
Sword Art Online Alternative: Gun Gale Online	College student Karen takes up Gun Gale Online and gets a reputation as the Pink Demon. Then her gaming buddy Pitohui asks her to join the Squad Jam.
The Bible's Buried Secrets	Host Francesca Stavrakopoulou travels across the Middle East, offering extraordinary insights into the stories of the Old Testament.
The Big Catch	In a global competition, eight fishing enthusiasts battle extreme conditions and dangerous waters to be crowned the ultimate angler.
The Bomb Squad	This documentary follows British bomb disposal teams in Afghanistan and the dangers they face in their methodical lives on the front lines of war.
The Edge of Seventeen	When Nadine's best (and only) friend starts dating her detested older brother, the teenage cynic's life becomes even more unbearable.
The Garfield Show	Lazy, lasagna-loving fat cat Garfield lives life on his own terms, which includes teasing his geeky owner, Jon, and tormenting dimwitted dog Odie.
The Story of God with Morgan Freeman	Host Morgan Freeman explores religion's role in human history, how our beliefs connect us and possible answers to life's million-dollar questions.
The Story of Us with Morgan Freeman	Explore the forces of love, belief, power, war, peace, rebellion and freedom in this series about the ties that bind – and destroy – humanity.
The Witch Files	A disparate group of teenage girls discovers how to obtain supernatural abilities, but abusing their newfound power has disturbing consequences.
Truckbhar Swapna	A taxi driver living in a Mumbai slum seeks to better his family's life by building an extension of his home while dealing with a lecherous contractor.
True: Happy Hearts Day	True and Bartleby try to cheer up the Rainbow Kingdom’s loneliest citizen, but his gloomy mood is contagious! Can a trio of wishes turn things around?
Velvet Buzzsaw	A feared critic, an icy gallery owner and an ambitious assistant snap up a recently deceased artist's stash of paintings – with dire consequences.
What Makes a Psychopath?	This wide-ranging documentary examines the behaviors considered in a diagnosis of psychopathy and includes nonviolent, successful figures in history.
Why Are We Getting So Fat?	A Cambridge geneticist dispels misconceptions about living with obesity and explores why the epidemic continues to expand across the UK and America.
World's Busiest Cities	From Moscow to Mexico City, three BBC journalists delve into the inner workings of some of the most burgeoning metropolises on Earth.
World's Weirdest Homes	From a bubble-shaped palace to an island built on plastic bottles, tour the world’s most fantastically bizarre residences.
Agatha and the Truth of Murder	In a dramatized depiction of her 11-day disappearance, novelist Agatha Christie solving a real murder amid a crisis in her writing and marriage.
Crime Time	Born into poverty and trapped in a grim job as a cop in the favelas, a wannabe actor forges a bloody path to celebrity and wealth. Based on true events.
Hantu Kak Limah	When Kak Limah turns up dead shortly after her marriage to a much younger man, her pesky ghost haunts the villagers, who can't seem to get rid of her.
I Dream Of Dance	Experience the joy and sacrifice of one of the nation's premier dance companies as its members and instructors prepare for a prestigious competition.
Love Off the Cuff	Cherie and Jimmy's relationship is in a rut – until Cherie's estranged father shows up and a woman from Jimmy's past shows up with a hidden agenda.
Paprika	Stan and Olivia – the amazingly different Paprika twins – use their boundless enthusiasm to turn everyday life into an extraordinary adventure.
The Gentleman Driver	This documentary follows four tycoons who moonlight as motorsport competitors and examines what fuels them to succeed, both at work and on the track.
The Hundred-Foot Journey	A chef and his family leave India to open an eatery in the south of France, where they clash with the haughty restaurateur across the street.
Maharaja: The Story of Ranjit Singh	The tale of legendary warrior king Ranjit Singh, and his rise to establishing Punjab’s Sikh empire, comes to life in this animated feature.
Sat Sri Akal	Based on true events, this moving story centers on a Punjabi family whose celebration of their faith endures in the face of conflicting attitudes.
Swiss Army Man	A washed-up corpse with surprising abilities gives a hopeless man stranded in the wilderness someone to talk to – and a newfound reason to live.
The Incredibles 2	When Elastigirl gets recruited for a high-profile crime-fighting mission, Mr. Incredible takes on his toughest assignment ever: full-time parenting.
The Longshots	When an 11-year-old girl becomes Pop Warner football's first female quarterback, she raises eyebrows – till she takes her team to the brink of glory.
Virsa	A man is disheartened when he visits his well-to-do son and grandkids in Australia and sees they have detached from their traditional Indian morals.
Ant-Man and the Wasp	Problems big and small pop up when Scott Lang, aka Ant-Man, gets drafted by Dr. Hank Pym and Hope van Dyne, aka the Wasp, for an urgent rescue mission.
Bhasmasur	In this heart-wrenching coming-of-age story, a young boy embarks on an arduous trek with his debt-ridden father to sell their beloved family donkey.
"Gabriel ""Fluffy"" Iglesias: One Show Fits All"	"Gabriel ""Fluffy"" Iglesias discusses his teenage son and encounters with Snoop Dogg, Chris Rock and Vicente Fernández in this stand-up special for 2019."
High Society	A deputy curator of a chaebol-funded art gallery and her husband, a politically ambitious economics professor, will do anything to join the über-elite.
Inside the Mossad	In this documentary, dozens of former agents from the Mossad, Israel's foreign intelligence agency, reveal their top-secret operations.
Up Among  The Stars	A grieving filmmaker struggling to keep custody of his young son after his wife's death uses magical, imaginary stories to maintain their bond.
Alt-Right: Age of Rage	This documentary follows a white power leader and an Antifa activist leading up to the Charlottesville riots in the first year of Trump's presidency.
Habibie & Ainun	"This companion to 2016's ""Rudy Habibie"" traces the relationship between Indonesia’s third president and his wife behind the scenes of their public lives."
Nathicharami	Reeling from the loss of her husband, a widow struggles to fulfill her physical and emotional desires despite social taboos around female sexuality.
Rudy Habibie	A biopic that explores the hardships and triumphs of the early life of B. J. Habibie, a transformative president of Indonesia.
Surga Yang Tak Dirindukan	After saving an unwed expectant mother who's injured in a car accident, a happily married man takes her as his second wife – without telling his first.
Surga Yang Tak Dirindukan 2	In this sequel to the award-winning 2015 film, Pras, Arini and Meirose face new challenges that could change the dynamic of their unique love triangle.
A Taiwanese Tale of Two Cities	A Taipei doctor and a San Francisco engineer swap homes in a daring pact, embarking on journeys filled with trials, secrets and unexpected encounters.
Z Nation	A team embarks on a perilous cross-country mission to transport the one man who survived a deadly zombie virus, hoping he holds the key to a vaccine.
Biggie & Tupac	British documentarian Nick Broomfield investigates the murders of rappers Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls, digging up some surprises in the process.
Goyo: The Boy General	"Brash ladies' man Gregorio ""Goyo"" del Pilar rises to become one of the Philippines' youngest generals in this historical epic sequel to ""Heneral Luna."""
Animas	A teen's eerie visions become increasingly frequent and terrifying after her longtime friend gets a girlfriend and his abusive dad is strangely killed.
Black Earth Rising	Adopted by a human rights attorney after the Rwandan genocide, legal investigator Kate Ashby confronts her past when she takes on war crimes cases.
Club of Crows	A brother and sister battle high expectations and each other after inheriting a soccer team. A series from the creators of “Nosotros los Nobles.”
Examination of Conscience	Allegations of child sexual abuse in Spain's Catholic institutions are examined in interviews with survivors, clergy, journalists and other experts.
Kingdom	While strange rumors about their ill king grip a kingdom, the crown prince becomes their only hope against a mysterious plague overtaking the land.
Medici: Masters of Florence	After his father's murder, banking heir Cosimo Medici battles opponents of his artistic, economic and political visions for 15th-century Florence.
Mi Obra Maestra	A sly art dealer tries to revive the career of his longtime pal, a surly painter, with a risky plan that tests their morals and friendship.
Polar	An assassin on the verge of retirement must put the good life on hold when his greedy boss sends a squad of young, ruthless killers to take him out.
The Perfect Match	A night market vendor clashes with a lofty celebrity chef in a culinary challenge, fueling the first sparks of a romance.
Conversations with a Killer: The Ted Bundy Tapes	Present-day interviews, archival footage and audio recordings made on death row form a searing portrait of notorious serial killer Ted Bundy.
Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation	It's love at first sight for Dracula when he meets Ericka, the charming but mysterious captain of the monster cruise that Mavis plans for the family.
Just Love	Inspired by his love affair with a conservative lawyer, the lead singer of a struggling garage band pens a hit song that propels him to fame.
Innocent	In a peaceful, rustic town, a retired officer and his family are mired in a murder mystery riddled with shocking, buried secrets.
Planet 51	After landing on a planet reminiscent of 1950s suburbia, a human astronaut tries to avoid capture, recover his spaceship and make it home safely.
Justice	Defying pressure to join her father's firm, a determined young lawyer strikes out on her own and fights to maintain faith in Abu Dhabi's justice system.
Auschwitz: Blueprints of Genocide	Newly released KGB files expose evidence proving how architects and engineers conspired with the Nazis to build a camp designed for genocide.
Close	When attackers target the heiress she's protecting, battle-hardened bodyguard Sam scrambles to save her client – and teach her how to fight back.
FYRE: The Greatest Party That Never Happened	The Fyre Festival was billed as a luxury music experience on a posh private island, but it failed spectacularly in the hands of a cocky entrepreneur.
Grace and Frankie	They’re not friends, but when their husbands leave them for each other, proper Grace and eccentric Frankie begin to bond in this Emmy-nominated series.
IO	As a young scientist searches for a way to save a dying Earth, she finds a connection with a man who's racing to catch the last shuttle off the planet.
Lady-Like	After she pushes her best friend Kort to date a handsome transfer student, college student Allie is left to tackle adulthood on her own.
Legends of Strength	From a circus entertainer to a grip master, meet the bodybuilding heroes who defied physical limits and redefined the meaning of strength.
Marvel's The Punisher	A former Marine out to punish the criminals responsible for his family's murder finds himself ensnared in a military conspiracy.
Memory Love	Losing her memory – and her boyfriend – after a car accident, Jia-en crosses paths with a heart transplant recipient who helps her recall her past.
Old Lord Savanna	This documentary captures the environmental and societal impact of Brazil's Cerrado savanna suffering from severe deforestation.
Patria	Paco Ignacio Taibo II brings his book trilogy to life, highlighting Mexico's history in 1854-1867, a period he considers foundational to the country.
Soni	While fighting crimes against women in Delhi, a short-fused policewoman and her level-headed female boss grapple with gender issues in their own lives.
Strongland	From Spain's countryside to Scotland's stony terrain, this collection of uplifting documentaries explores the cultural roots of great strongman traditions.
The World's Most Extraordinary Homes	Award-winning architect Piers Taylor and actress/property enthusiast Caroline Quentin travel the world to tour unconventional homes in extreme places.
Trigger Warning with Killer Mike	In this funny and provocative series, rapper and activist Killer Mike puts his revolutionary ideas about achieving social change into action.
Driven to Dance	A young dancer grapples with her dream to join a famed ballet company against the wishes of her mother, who pushes her to pursue a more practical path.
Skyline	After a wild night of partying, Terry discovers that he's one of the few people left on Earth, then sets out to solve the mystery of what happened.
Abducted in Plain Sight	In this true crime documentary, a family falls prey to the manipulative charms of a neighbor, who abducts their adolescent daughter. Twice.
Abdullah, The Final Witness	Inspired by real events, this drama follows a trucker jailed after driving five ill-fated travelers across Quetta, and the officer taking on his case.
Adhugo	A fast-footed piglet named Bunty becomes an object of desire for rival criminals that want the swift swine for their profitable animal-racing schemes.
Chupan Chupai	The lives of five hapless, petty criminals careen into madcap disarray when their plan to abduct a wealthy minister’s son goes horribly wrong.
Deadly Switch	In this indie thriller, a foreign exchange student moves in with her roommate's family who grieves over the daughter they would do anything to get back.
Echcharikkai	After kidnapping a millionaire’s daughter, two men get swept up in a power struggle as her father enlists a brilliant cop to hunt them down.
La Rosa de Guadalupe	This series responds to the need to believe in miracles, dreams, love stories and happy endings, with positive characters.
La Viuda Negra	Beautiful and ruthless Griselda Blanco, known as the queen of cocaine, becomes Pablo Escobar's boss and governs a world of deceit and death.
Lavender	Before one of them moves to the U.S., two childhood friends promise to reunite as adults. But illness and the vagaries of the heart stand in the way.
Only Mine	After dating a charming cop who turns into an obsessive stalker, a small-town girl must save herself from his deadly ways.
Pandigai	Looking for a way out of his impoverished life, a lowly hotel waiter joins an underground fight club. Then he needs a way out of that.
Pari	When their daughter exhibits strange behavior after moving into their new home, a couple must come to terms with who she really is.
Revenger	Hell-bent on avenging the murder of his family, a former detective infiltrates a remote island that serves as a prison for vicious death row criminals.
Sebastian Maniscalco: Stay Hungry	Sebastian Maniscalco brings an acerbically unique approach to peacocks on planes, life hacks, rich in-laws and life's annoyances in this comedy special.
The Devil We Know	This documentary details DuPont's alleged decades-long cover-up of the potential harm caused by chemicals used to make popular Teflon products.
The Doll	"Eerie things begin to happen after a man gives his wife a doll, unaware it once belonged to a girl who was murdered. The first of the ""Doll"" films."
The Doll 2	A mother uses her deceased daughter’s doll as a medium to communicate with her, but the consequences are chilling. The second of the “Doll” films.
Invisible Essence: The Little Prince	Artists and writers delve into the heart of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's timeless fable, which captured the imagination of children and adults worldwide.
La Grande Chaumière Violette	Reminiscing about his youth in Taiwan's turbulent 1920s, Guo Xuehu reflects on his passion for art, a friendship with a painter – and a doomed romance.
13 Sins	A man agrees to appear on a game show with a $6 million prize. But as the challenges become more extreme, he realizes he's made a grave mistake.
Baazaar	A wide-eyed graduate learns the ugly side of ambition when he joins in the dubious business practices of his idol, a ruthless Mumbai stock tycoon.
The Fighter	After a string of defeats, a boxer rediscovers his fighting will with help from his trainer and half-brother, a once-talented pugilist.
Becoming Jane	A passionate romance with roguish barrister Tom Lefroy serves as the inspiration for the works of budding novelist Jane Austen.
He's Out There	While vacationing at a remote lake house, a mother and her daughters become pawns in the twisted game of an ax-wielding psychopath.
Taken	After a personal tragedy upends his life, a highly skilled former Green Beret is drawn into a career as a secret government operative.
All of You	Two strangers meet on a dating app and experience instant chemistry, but their relationship unravels as jarring differences catch up to them.
Back with the Ex	New beginnings or old baggage? Four singles have one chance to reignite romance with an ex – or leave the past behind for good.
Friends from College	Twenty years after graduation, a tight-knit group of college friends reconnects and discovers that love hasn't gotten easier with age.
Hardy Bucks	A circle of young men entertain vague ambitions involving quick cash, women and showbiz in this mockumentary on small-town Irish life in County Mayo.
Horrid Henry	To his family's frustration, Henry is skilled at making trouble, from babysitting pets in his bedroom to starting a shark panic at the swimming pool.
ReMastered: Massacre at the Stadium	The shocking murder of singer Victor Jara in 1973 turned him into a powerful symbol of Chile's struggle. Decades later, a quest for justice unfolds.
Sex Education	Insecure Otis has all the answers when it comes to sex advice, thanks to his therapist mom. So rebel Maeve proposes a school sex-therapy clinic.
Sin Senos sí Hay Paraíso	Born into a small town controlled by the mafia, an irate young woman seeks revenge on the forces that tore apart and wrongfully imprisoned her family.
Solo	In a remote area of the Canary Islands, a surfer falls off a cliff. Fighting to survive, he reflects on his life and past romance. Based on true events.
The Last Laugh	After moving to a retirement home, restless talent manager Al reconnects with long-ago client Buddy and coaxes him back out on the comedy circuit.
Pocoyo	Discovery is the name of the game for friendly toddler Pocoyo in this lifelike and richly colored animated adventure series for preschoolers.
Shaka Zulu	This miniseries recounts the early 19th-century conflict between the expanding British Empire in Africa and Shaka, the leader of the vast Zulu Nation.
When Heroes Fly	Years after a bitter falling out, four Israeli military veterans reunite and travel to Colombia in search of a loved one they'd presumed to be dead.
GODZILLA The Planet Eater	With the earth alliance weakened, Haruo weighs siding with the Exif, whose death cult is summoning a monster that can destroy the world.
Next Enti?	Clashing views on intimacy lead a couple to go their separate ways to reflect on commitment and companionship, before suddenly crossing paths again.
Solo: A Star Wars Story	A young Han Solo tries to settle an old score with the help of his new buddy Chewbacca, a crew of space smugglers and a cunning old friend.
Solo: A Star Wars Story (Spanish Version)	A young Han Solo tries to settle an old score with the help of his new buddy Chewbacca, a crew of space smugglers and a cunning old friend.
The Monster	A troubled mother-daughter relationship faces the ultimate test when the duo’s broken-down car leaves them trapped within reach of a vicious creature.
Kurt & Courtney	This film charts Nirvana's Kurt Cobain's rise to fame, his drug-addled romance with Courtney Love and the conspiracy theories surrounding his death.
Catwalk: Tales from the Cat Show Circuit	This fun, charming documentary follows the exploits of some very feline-friendly folks as they strive to get their kitties crowned Canada’s top cat.
Komola Rocket	As the lives of rich and poor passengers aboard a steamship unfold, buried secrets, lustful affairs and selfish desires are exposed.
Pahuna	Fleeing unrest in their native Nepal, three young siblings separated from their parents must beat the odds to survive on their own in India.
3 Heroines	Three Indonesian women break records by becoming the first of their nation to medal in archery at the Seoul Olympics in the summer of 1988.
5 Cowok Jagoan	Yanto asks his friends to help save a girlfriend who was kidnapped by a mobster. Silly slapstick and campy crimefighting ensues.
Chaotic Love Poems	Spanning the 1970s, ‘80s and ‘90s, this lyrical love story of two childhood neighbors plays out amidst a rapidly evolving Indonesia.
Love You... Love You Not	A love triangle gets complicated when a female English tutor unknowingly gets between a hot-tempered guy and his off-to-the-United States girlfriend.
Mara	When criminal psychologist Kate Fuller investigates a man who was seemingly murdered in his sleep by his wife, she uncovers a case like no other.
Nang Nak	In this adaptation of a Thai folk tale, a man returns from war to his family, unaware of a sad secret about what happened to them while he was away.
Soekarno	This biographical drama about Indonesia's first president recounts his nationalist crusade to seize independence from Dutch colonial rule.
Tales by Light	Follow renowned photographers as they explore far-flung locales, capturing extraordinary images that present nature and culture in a new light.
And Breathe Normally	An Icelandic single mom struggling with poverty and a Guinea-Bissauan asylum seeker facing deportation find their lives intertwined in unexpected ways.
Call My Agent!	At a top Paris talent firm, agents scramble to keep their star clients happy – and their business afloat – after an unexpected crisis.
Case Closed	Turned into a young boy by a sinister potion, teen sleuth Conan helps solve baffling crimes while tracking down the nefarious agents who poisoned him.
El Potro: Unstoppable	"Argentine cuarteto singer Rodrigo ""El Potro"" Bueno rises to fame amid personal struggles in this dramatization of the charismatic superstar's life."
Lionheart	When her father falls ill, Adaeze steps up to run the family business – alongside her uncle – and prove herself in a male-dominated world.
See You in Time	A series of mysterious text messages from the future sends ripples through the lives of a delivery woman and an accomplished cyclist.
Occupation	When aliens take over their small Australian town, a modest group of survivors must unite to fend off their otherworldly intruders.
Pope Francis: A Man of His Word	Documentary filmmaker Wim Wenders travels the world with Pope Francis, recording the controversial pontiff's humanist views in a sharply divided age.
Déjà Vu	After losing everything, a prima ballerina accepts a stranger's offer to dial back time and reclaim what was taken from her – but at a great price.
Monty Python and the Holy Grail	The Monty Python comedy clan skewers King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table as they quest far and wide for the Holy Grail.
A Perfect Ending	After confessing an unusual secret, a repressed wife – prompted by her friends – decides to explore her sexuality with a high-priced call girl.
A Series of Unfortunate Events	The extraordinary Baudelaire orphans face trials, tribulations and the evil Count Olaf in their fateful quest to unlock long-held family secrets.
Across the Universe	An American girl and a British lad fall in love amid the social and political upheaval of the 1960s, in this musical featuring songs by the Beatles.
Babel	When an American couple vacationing in Morocco falls victim to a random act of violence, a series of events unfolds across four countries.
Back to the 90s	When a teenager is transported back to his parents’ high school days, he has the chance to alter the events that led to their unhappy marriage.
Black Hawk Down	When U.S. forces attempt to capture two underlings of a Somali warlord, their helicopters are shot down and the Americans suffer heavy casualties.
Chappie	In a futuristic society where a robot police force keeps crime at bay, a lone droid gains the power of artificial intelligence.
Christmas with the Kranks	When Luther Krank and his wife opt to skip Christmas – no tree and no rooftop Frosty – can they handle the fallout from their family and neighbors?
COMEDIANS of the world	This global stand-up comedy series features a diverse set of comics from 13 regions bringing their perspectives on what's funny around the world.
Daddy Day Care	When a conscientious father loses his lucrative dot-com job and faces economic ruin, he joins two friends in opening a business called Daddy Day Care.
Gone are the Days	As a notorious outlaw comes to grips with his past, he reconnects with his estranged daughter and gets one more shot to make things right.
Good Girls	Three suburban moms orchestrate a local grocery store heist to escape financial ruin and establish independence – together.
Hell or High Water	In a desperate bid to save their family ranch, two brothers stage a series of clever bank robberies with a pair of Texas Rangers in hot pursuit.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull	Indiana Jones is drawn into a Russian plot to unearth the Crystal Skulls of Akator, Amazonian artifacts with supernatural powers.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Accompanied by his father, Indiana Jones sets off on his third adventure to explore the cradle of civilization on a perilous hunt for the Holy Grail.
Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark	When Indiana Jones is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant, he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime.
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom	Indiana Jones, his young sidekick and a spoiled songbird get more than they bargained for when they go to India in search of a missing magical stone.
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back	Jay and Silent Bob's comic book alter egos have been sold to Hollywood without permission, so they head to Tinseltown to sabotage the production.
Jersey Boys	Adapted from the hit Broadway musical, this nostalgic look at the Four Seasons and their bumpy offstage lives stretches across four decades.
Kevyn Aucoin: Beauty & the Beast in Me	Makeup artist Kevyn Aucoin worked with top supermodels in the 1980s and 1990s. Personal videos merged with interviews provide a peek into his life.
Krystal	A kid with a heart condition falls for an ex-stripper with a lot of baggage and joins her Alcoholics Anonymous group to catch her attention.
Last Night	During an evening apart, married couple Joanna and Michael encounter tempting opportunities to cheat on each other with sexy acquaintances.
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels	Hoping to make a bundle in a high-stakes poker game, four shiftless lads from London's East End instead find themselves swimming in debt.
Merku Thodarchi Malai	In southern India, a laborer's dreams of owning a piece of land to farm is complicated by political corruption.
Mona Lisa Smile	In 1953, the women of Wellesley College are measured by how well they marry – until the arrival of a professor who threatens to upend the status quo.
Moshe Kasher: Live in Oakland	Comic Moshe Kasher returns to his home turf of Oakland for this stand-up special that has him sharing uproarious stories about the people he's met.
Perfect Stranger	Ro risks her life to discover the identity of a stranger lurking on the Internet who might hold the answers to her friend's murder.
Pokémon the Movie: I Choose You!	When Ash tries to pick his first Pokémon on his birthday, he ends up with a stubborn Pikachu and they embark on a journey to find the legendary Ho-Oh.
Pulp Fiction	This stylized crime caper weaves together stories featuring a burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner and a washed-up boxer.
Puriyatha Puthir	An aspiring music director begins to receive voyeuristic footage of his girlfriend from her apparent stalker as tragedy strikes those around him.
Taramani	A traditional man and an independent woman share a connection, but they must learn to navigate their vastly different experiences and expectations.
Tears of the Sun	A Navy SEAL is sent to a war-torn African jungle to rescue a doctor, only to realize he must also save the refugees in the physician's care.
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas	When his family moves from Berlin to Poland, a young boy befriends a boy who lives on the other side of the fence, unaware he's a Jewish prisoner.
The Crow	One year after Eric Draven and his fiancée are murdered, Draven – watched over by a hypnotic crow – returns from the grave to exact revenge.
The Paper	A construction magnate takes over a struggling newspaper and attempts to wield editorial influence for power and personal gain.
The Pass	The lives and careers of two professional soccer players are profoundly impacted by a single moment of intimacy that took place between them.
Tidying Up with Marie Kondo	In a series of inspiring home makeovers, world-renowned tidying expert Marie Kondo helps clients clear out the clutter – and choose joy.
Trash	Three poor Brazilian teens find something suspicious in a garbage heap, then end up on the run from the law as they try to set things right.
Whitney Cummings: Money Shot	Comedy Central roast veteran Whitney Cummings gets the stage to herself in this debut special, which finds her riffing on a wide range of topics.
XXx	A notorious underground rush-seeker deemed untouchable by the law is coerced into cooperating with the government to infiltrate a Russian crime ring.
XXX: State of the Union	In this action-packed follow-up to XXX, U.S. intelligence officer Augustus Gibbons must thwart a massive conspiracy to overthrow the government.
Bill Hicks: One Night Stand	Bill Hicks remembers a wild night in 1989 and offers his views on puffing cigarettes, smoking weed, drinking, sex, commercials and music.
Bill Hicks: Reflections	This documentary about comedian Bill Hicks offers insight into his irreverent takes on, well, everything. Brother Steve Hicks is the star witness.
Bill Hicks: Relentless	In one of his most iconic performances, late comedian Bill Hicks demonstrates what made him such a singular talent and a force to be reckoned with.
Bill Hicks: Revelations	In his final recorded special, the iconoclastic comedian channels Goat Boy and tackles provocative topics like British porn, pot and the priesthood.
Bill Hicks: Sane Man	Filmed in 1989 at a turning point in comedian Bill Hicks's career, this rare onstage performance captures him spouting off on a variety of topics.
Conan Without Borders	Late-night talk show host Conan O'Brien hits the road in this special that brings him and his sense of humor to far-flung destinations.
For the Win	Frisbee national champion Brodie Smith challenges inventive athletes across the US to an exhibition match in the unconventional sports they've created.
Gina Yashere: Laughing to America	British comic Gina Yashere takes the stage in San Francisco, where she shares her thoughts on everything from toilet ninjas to her troublesome name.
Gina Yashere: Skinny B*tch	"Standup comedian and ""Daily Show"" correspondent Gina Yashere delivers a sharp set of wry observations on the environment, money and more."
Inst@famous	Self-made social media celebrities share the stories of how they built their online empires and where they plan to take their unexpected fame next.
Mexicanos de Bronce	When street vices keep them coming back, three prisoners make sense of their lives in a penitentiary – and beyond it – through rap.
Sam Kinison: Breaking the Rules	The one-time preacher shakes and shudders as he tears into subjects including sex, marriage, religion, drugs and famine in this HBO special.
Sam Kinison: Family Entertainment Hour	Comic Sam Kinison lets it rip with this performance at L.A.'s Wiltern theatre, skewering every segment of modern society from religion to television.
Sam Kinison: Live in Vegas	Standup legend Sam Kinison is at his screaming best as he storms the stage in Sin City to get a few things off his chest.
Sam Kinison: The Scream Continues	Sam's brother and former manager Bill Kinison speaks about the late comedian's journey from preacher to standup legend.
Secrets in the Hot Spring	When three teen outcasts arrive at a hot springs hotel to help run things, creepy incidents prompt comical efforts to find what lurks in their midst.
Slobby's World	Welcome to the irreverent world of Robert Hall – aka Slobby Robby – a pop culture junkie who buys and sells collectable goods from the '80s and '90s.
Taylor Swift reputation Stadium Tour	Taylor Swift takes the stage in Dallas for the reputation Stadium Tour and celebrates a monumental night of music, memories and visual magic.
The Bill Murray Stories: Life Lessons Learned From a Mythical Man	This documentary highlights spontaneous encounters with the elusive, comedic veteran, who touches lives by simply showing up anywhere.
The Seven Deadly Sins the Movie: Prisoners of the Sky	The Seven Deadly Sins aid the Sky People against a powerful group of demons hellbent on resurrecting a demonic beast sealed over 3,000 years ago.
Tim Allen: Men Are Pigs	"Standup comedian Tim Allen delivers a set dedicated to ""men stuff"" like lawn care, power tools and why he grunts like an animal."
Tim Allen: ReWires America	Standup star Tim Allen storms the stage for a set chock-full of observations about powerful cars, beautiful lawns and more of the things he loves.
Tim Minchin And The Heritage Orchestra Live	Flanked by a full orchestra, Tim Minchin takes the Royal Albert Hall by storm with a wonderfully witty evening of satirical musical comedy.
Tim Minchin: So F**king Rock	Comedic pianist Tim Minchin performs a host of his catchy songs that touch on everything from the Middle East to the healing power of canvas bags.
Todd Glass: Stand-Up Special	Standup comedian Todd Glass gets right down to it, with sly observations on accepting directions, denying compliments and being afraid of the dark.
Tom Papa Live in New York City	Comedian Tom Papa riffs on the trials of married life, fatherhood in the 21st century, domestic pets and more in his stand-up show.
Top Grier	Social media star Hayes Grier returns to North Carolina for a reality series packed with action sports, pranks and romantic escapades.
After Porn Ends 3	This third installment in a documentary series examines the lives of the adult film genre's biggest stars after their industry careers have ended.
Anesthesia	After a popular professor is attacked on a New York street, the story of how a series of intertwined events led to the life-altering assault unfolds.
Pioneers: First Women Filmmakers*	This collection restores films from women who tackled hot-button issues, transcended norms, and left a mark on the history of cinema and the industry.
The Autopsy of Jane Doe	A father-son team of small-town coroners performs an autopsy on an unidentified woman with mysterious injuries and a terrifying secret.
In Family We Trust	When the head of the lucrative family business passes away, his will leaves the clan at extreme odds.
When Calls the Heart	Leaving behind her upper-crust city roots, a woman journeys west in the early 1900s to become a teacher in a small Canadian mining community.
A Twelve Year Night	Future Uruguayan president José Mujica and his fellow Tupamaro political prisoners fight to survive 12 years of solitary confinement and torture.
Avicii: True Stories	"Follow the meteoric rise of Tim Bergling, aka Avicii, from Swedish teenager to the creative force behind ""Wake Me Up,"" ""You Make Me"" and other hits."
Black Mirror: Bandersnatch	In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings.
Hashoter Hatov	An honest – though overzealous – police officer strives to do good work while dealing with his bickering parents and incompetent coworkers.
Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi	A vengeful son, a cop on a mission, a wannabe actress and a jilted lover find their lives intermingling in unexpected ways over 24 hours in Mumbai.
Murder Mountain	In Humboldt County, California, the big business of legal marijuana brings in visitors from around the world. Some are never seen again.
Oasis: Supersonic	This film details the rise of British rock group Oasis and the creativity and chaos that brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher brought to the iconic band.
Rehmataan	As unemployment, drug addiction and corruption plague a society, this drama depicts the people who believe there’s still good in the world.
Selection Day	Two teen cricket prodigies struggle against their overbearing father and a system stacked against them to realize their own ambitions and identities.
The Birth Reborn 3	This intimate look at a São Paulo birth center features interviews with mothers, activists, doctors and midwives. Third in a series of films.
When Angels Sleep	After a businessman falls asleep at the wheel and hits a woman with his car, his interactions with her scared friend unleash a string of dark events.
At First Light	After mysterious lights imbue her with extraordinary powers, a teenager goes on the run from authorities with the friend who harbors a crush on her.
Alexa & Katie	Alexa is battling cancer. But with her best friend, Katie, by her side, she's also starting high school – and ready for whatever comes next.
Left Behind	After millions of people on Earth suddenly disappear, a pilot flying a plane stuck at 30,000 feet must find a way to ensure the passengers' survival.
The Innocents	At the end of World War II, a French doctor with the Red Cross treats nuns at a Polish convent who were raped and impregnated by Russian soldiers.
You	Obsessed with an aspiring writer, a charming bookstore manager goes to extreme measures to insert himself into her life.
Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown	This CNN original series has chef Anthony Bourdain traveling to extraordinary locations around the globe to sample a variety of local cuisines.
Avengers: Infinity War	Superheroes amass to stop intergalactic sociopath Thanos from acquiring a full set of Infinity Stones and wiping out half of all life in the universe.
Backtrack	Haunted by visions of the dead, psychologist Peter returns home to confront a long-ago trauma. But will the trip exorcise or embolden the ghosts?
Hi Score Girl	A chronic gamer abysmally inept in academics and sports finally meets his match at his usual shady arcade – and it’s his rich classmate, Akira.
Stand Up and Away! with Brian Regan	Brian Regan blends his trademark observational stand-up with short sketches and a bit of audience interaction in this hybrid comedy series.
The Magicians	When grad student Quentin Coldwater enters a college specializing in magic, he learns that the mythic fantasy world he once read about is very real.
Way Back into Love	After years in the U.S., a Taiwanese immigrant returns to her hometown with a young daughter in tow to assist her father with his bed-and-breakfast.
El señor de los Cielos	Only Aurelio Casillas can fill Pablo Escobar's shoes and become Mexico's biggest drug trafficker of the '90s.
Ninja Hattori	Elementary school student Kenichi Mitsuba's household gains a surprising new member: Kanzo Hattori, a mischievous but helpful young ninja.
The Little Hours	Life at a convent takes an unruly turn when three unconventionally opinionated nuns cross paths with a tempting new gardener.
Watership Down	A warren of rabbits battles many threats on their daring journey to find a new home in this adaptation of the classic novel by Richard Adams.
Demon's Path	To catch three criminal masterminds, a group of cops teams up with a forensic pathologist who can see a murder victim's final moments before death.
I Am Vengeance	After learning that an ex-military friend and his parents were killed, the highly trained John Gold comes to town seeking answers and revenge.
Mr. Church	A temporary personal chef, a terminally ill single mother and her young daughter form an unlikely bond that redefines the meaning of family.
People Just Do Nothing	Spinning old-school beats is just another day at the office for the naive DJs of a pirate radio station who juggle family life with their passion.
Single Ladies Senior	Four best friends and spirited career women navigate the treacherous world of romance – even as it stands in the way of work and friendship.
7 Days Out	Witness the excitement and drama behind the scenes in the seven days leading up to major live events in the worlds of sports, fashion, space and food.
Bad Seeds	Troubled by his past, a scam artist who runs a petty racket with his adoptive mom finds redemption while mentoring a group of difficult students.
Bird Box	Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety.
Diablero	When a young girl goes missing in a big city, a desperate priest joins a demon hunter and his motley crew on an otherworldly mission to find her.
Greenleaf	Although members of the Greenleaf family run a Memphis megachurch, their business and personal lives are tainted with greed, adultery and other sins.
Jojo's World	Diagnosed with a condition that could make her infertile, a career woman must choose one of four bachelors to make a baby with before time runs out.
LAST HOPE	After causing the near extinction of mankind seven years ago, genius scientist Leon Lau must now fight the ecological disaster he unwittingly created.
Lion Pride	After crossing paths at a crime scene, a renowned math teacher and an antiques appraiser embark on an unexpected journey of love and self-discovery.
Love @ Seventeen	Radically changed by a misunderstanding 13 years ago, a biotech expert runs into an old flame and suffers an illness that takes her back to the past.
Perfume	When a singer is found murdered, with her scent glands excised from her body, detectives probe a group of friends who attended boarding school with her.
Sirius the Jaeger	"In imperial Tokyo, a group calling themselves ""Jaegers"" secretly hunt the vampires seeking the Ark of Sirius. Among them is young werewolf, Yuliy."
Struggle: The Life and Lost Art of Szukalski	Artists in LA discover the work of forgotten Polish sculptor Stanislav Szukalski, a mad genius whose true story unfolds chapter by astounding chapter.
The Last Hangover	"In this biblical ""Hangover"" spoof, the apostles awaken to find Jesus is missing and must piece together events of the previous night's wild Last Supper."
What Still Remains	Struggling to survive alone post-apocalypse, a young woman is offered protection by an unknown man, but his village may not be the haven she imagines.
Wolf	Tasked with risky missions across Turkey, members of a special-operations police unit confront danger and tragedy both on the field and at home.
2036 Origin Unknown	Working with an artificial intelligence to investigate the failure of a deadly Mars landing, a mission controller makes an astonishing discovery.
Aggretsuko: We Wish You a Metal Christmas	While Retsuko desperately makes plans for Christmas Eve, her new obsession with seeking validation through social media spirals out of control.
Durarara!!	A young man looking for excitement moves to Ikebukuro, a district in Tokyo, where he finds a world of mystery in which the past and present mesh.
Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works	High school students Rin and Shiro pair up as allies when they're chosen to compete in a secret tournament for possession of the Holy Grail.
Imperfect	After a brawl lands him in a Boys’ Home, a teen seems to be on a promising path until loyalty to his gangster buddy leads to even bigger trouble.
Lang Tong	After seducing a philandering con man, a rebellious young woman enlists his help in carrying out a heinous crime against her sister.
Miss J Contemplates Her Choice	The life of a radio talk-show host is turned upside down after a murderous caller dials into her program and asks her to choose his next victim.
Ascharyachakit!	Entangling the lives of a movie star, a chauffeur, a prostitute and a pimp, this bold drama reveals ugly truths beneath Mumbai’s glitzy veneer.
Ellen DeGeneres: Relatable	In her first special since 2003, Ellen revisits her road to stardom and details the heartfelt – and hilarious – lessons she's learned along the way.
The Humanity Bureau	In a dystopian, near-future United States, a deportation caseworker who has begun to question authority tries to safeguard a woman and her young son.
Lilli	A woman who's about to give birth finds her maternal instincts kicking in when she's abducted, imprisoned and brutalized by a vicious gang.
Prince of Peoria: A Christmas Moose Miracle	Teddy's never missed the Festival of Lights, but the bowling alley’s been snowed in! Not to worry – Emil insists the Christmas moose will save the day.
Skin Trade	A New Jersey detective whose family was killed by an international gangster teams up with a Bangkok cop on a quest to bring down a criminal empire.
American Circumcision	With interviews from experts on both sides of the debate, this film questions the routine practice of non-religious infant circumcision in the U.S.
Andhadhun	A visually impaired pianist’s world careens into a series of shocking twists after he unintentionally lands at the murder scene of a former film star.
Ashes of Love	Hidden away by her mother, the Floral Goddess, the naïve Jinmi is drawn to Xufeng, the Heavenly Emperor's son. Yet forces conspire against them.
Dragons: Dawn of the Dragon Racers	"The ""How to Train Your Dragon"" adventure continues when a hunt for lost sheep turns into a fierce, fun-filled competition."
DreamWorks Holiday Classics	Join your DreamWorks friends for these four holiday specials, featuring Shrek and Donkey, Hiccup and Toothless, and the wacky animals from Madagascar.
Kill the Messenger	In the 1980s, a crusading journalist uncovers secret CIA funding for Nicaraguan rebels, but the powers that be silence his investigation.
Maps to the Stars	A showbiz family revolving around its teen celebrity son desperately tries to hang on to fame and success in this savage satire of Hollywood.
One Day	After a brief college romance, Emma and Dexter pursue separate dreams, but meet on the same day each year to compare their progress in life and love.
Springsteen on Broadway	Bruce Springsteen shares personal stories from his life and acoustic versions of some of his best-known songs in an intimate one-man show.
The Theory of Everything	As his esteem grows in the world of physics, Stephen Hawking's body is ravaged by ALS, forcing his increasing dependence on his devoted wife, Jane.
Anjaan: Rural Myths	Spine-chilling stories of malevolent spirits unfold in villages, jungles and haunted buildings across India.
Bad Education	A history teacher at the posh Abbey Grove, Alfie Wickers is something truly special: He's his school's, if not England's, single worst educator.
Emogenius	Two pairs of contestants go head-to-head for several rounds, deciphering puzzles and messages comprised of emojis for a chance at a $10,000 prize.
F.R.E.D.I.	Venturing into the woods, high schooler James discovers an intelligent robot that he must save from the hands of a businessman with an evil scheme.
Flowers	Between a troubled marriage, a senile granny and twin siblings constantly in rivalry, a crumbling household struggles to barely keep it together.
Idiotest	Comedian Ben Gleib hosts this game show in which teams of two compete to solve increasingly tough brain teasers. Faster answers mean more money.
Kita Kita	When a tour guide in Japan goes blind after seeing her fiancé’s infidelity, she befriends a fellow Filipino keen to coax her out of the darkness.
Minute to Win It	In this game show hosted by Olympian Apolo Anton Ohno, contestants compete by completing 60-second challenges using common household items.
Once in a Lifetime Sessions with George Ezra	English singer-songwriter George Ezra performs his standout songs and speaks about his transformation from aspiring bassist to pop star.
Once in a Lifetime Sessions with Kasabian	Between shots of live performances, Tom Meighan and Sergio Pizzorno of the English rock band talk about the 20-plus years of making music together.
Once in a Lifetime Sessions with OneRepublic	Exclusive interviews, live performances and studio recording sessions offer an intimate look at how OneRepublic became the successful band it is today.
Once in a Lifetime Sessions with Snow Patrol	In addition to concert scenes and studio recording sessions, this documentary presents exclusive interviews of the five men from the Irish rock band.
Sad Hill Unearthed	"An eclectic group of fans of 1966's ""The Good, the Bad and the Ugly"" attempt to restore the cemetery set in Spain where the movie's climax was filmed."
Shtisel	A Haredi family living in an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood of Jerusalem reckons with love, loss and the doldrums of daily life.
Skin Wars: Fresh Paint	"In each episode of this ""Skin Wars"" spinoff hosted by RuPaul, talented artists from various fields compete in body art for the first time."
The Bad Education Movie	Britain's most ineffective but caring teacher takes his class to Cornwall for one last school trip, where anything could happen –
Movie	
Vanjagar Ulagam	Shyam wakes to discover he's suspected in a murder that one journalist believes may have ties to a mysterious gangster.
Winsanity	Actor Donald Faison hosts this game show in which contestants must arrange numerical-based trivia tidbits from largest to smallest for various prizes.
Fit for Fashion	In this reality series, physique meets fashion as contestants compete in challenges to transform both body and image for the grand prize of $100,000.
Fuller House	The Tanner family’s adventures continue as DJ Tanner-Fuller shares a home with her sister Stephanie and friend Kimmy who help raise her three boys.
Hymn of Death	During the Japanese colonial period, married playwright Kim U-jin falls in love with soprano Yun Sim-deok, one of Korea’s notable New Women.
Inside the Real Narcos	Exposing a rarely seen perspective on the drug wars, ex-Special Forces commando Jason Fox interviews dangerous traffickers and cartel members.
Inside the World’s Toughest Prisons	Investigative journalist Paul Connolly becomes a voluntary inmate in the world's most volatile prisons, where intimidation and brutality rule.
ROMA	Director Alfonso Cuarón delivers a vivid, emotional portrait of domestic life and social hierarchy set against Mexico's political turmoil of the 1970s.
Samson	The Biblical story of Samson becomes this sword-and-sandals epic about an Israelite warrior whose God-given brawn is undone by a beautiful temptress.
Sunderland 'Til I Die	This docuseries follows English soccer club Sunderland through the 2017-18 season as they try to bounce back after relegation from the Premier League.
The Apartment	With their eyes on the grand prize, amateur designers push their creative limits in this reality competition show hosted by design icon Jamie Durie.
The Fix	Comedians Jimmy Carr, D.L. Hughley and Katherine Ryan tackle the world's woes with help from a rotating crew of funny guests and an actual expert.
The Innocent Man	This documentary adaptation of John Grisham's only nonfiction book raises troubling questions about two murder cases in Ada, Oklahoma, in the 1980s.
Tidelands	Ex-con Cal McTeer's return to her hometown of Orphelin Bay blows the lid off a generations-long conspiracy of silence around murder, drugs and Sirens.
Travelers	A federal agent tracks four people who suddenly seem to possess entirely new personalities, leading to a startling discovery about humanity's future.
Voltron: Legendary Defender	In an all-new series, five unlikely heroes and their flying robot lions unite to form the megapowerful Voltron and defend the universe from evil.
Wanted	Polar-opposite strangers Lola and Chelsea become partners on the run when they witness a murder involving dirty cops and are framed for the crime.
Back Street Girls -GOKUDOLS-	To pay for an epic blunder, three yakuza brothers are forced to alter their bodies, form a girl group and break into the underground J-Pop idol scene.
Out of Many, One	In this documentary short, a diverse group of men and women discuss their personal journeys as they prepare for the U.S. citizenship test.
Standoff	After witnessing an assassin's slaughter, a young girl holes up in a farmhouse with a suicidal vet, who must use wits and guts to fend off the killer.
Vir Das: Losing It	The world's got a lot of problems, but Vir Das has a lot of answers as he discusses travel, religion, his childhood and more in this stand-up special.
Gehenna: Where Death Lives	Developers looking for a location to build a resort on Saipan stumble into a subterranean bunker from WWII where an evil force lies in wait.
Goldstone	In the Australian outback, an Indigenous cop on a missing persons case unearths a trafficking ring and runs afoul of political-industrial interests.
Susanne Bartsch: On Top	Beyond her larger-than-life persona, this documentary reveals the woman behind the famed event planner, and her legacy as a cultural icon and activist.
Trotsky	The complex historical figure of Leon Trotsky comes to life in this epic biography that depicts the tumultuous life of the Russian revolutionary.
Entanglement	After his ailing father makes a shocking confession, a desperately depressed man sets out to find the woman he believes will change his destiny.
Because of Soccer	After losing a World Cup bet, two hapless buddies must use their wits to pay off their debt to a big Jakarta bookie in this action-packed comedy.
The Art of the Steal	Crunch Calhoun, a daredevil motorcyclist and mostly reformed con artist, agrees to do one last job: helping his brother Nicky steal a priceless book.
The Dancer	Orphaned by a tragedy that took the lives of her parents, Srintil grows up in a poor Indonesian village aspiring to be a sacred dancer.
The Gathering	Between divorce, bad relationships and coming out as gay, a group of affluent friends realize that none of their lives are as easy as they seem.
What's Up With Love?	A popular high school girl strains her relationship with her close-knit clique when she begins falling for a reclusive, lower-class schoolmate.
5 Star Christmas	When the Italian prime minister meets his lover and political rival while on an official trip to Budapest during Christmas week, things go topsy-turvy.
Dogs of Berlin	Two cops investigate the murder of a famous Turkish-German soccer player, but one of them has underworld connections that mire the case in controversy.
Dumplin'	To prove a point about measuring up and fitting in, Texas teen Willowdean Dickson enters a local pageant run by her ex-beauty queen mom.
Free Rein: The Twelve Neighs of Christmas	As Bright Fields preps for its Mistletoe Ball, a broken ornament leads Zoe to a family secret, while Gaby finds herself at the mercy of new boss Mia.
Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle	An orphaned boy raised by animals in the jungle seizes his destiny while confronting a dangerous enemy – and his own human origins.
Neo Yokio	Joined by his faithful mecha-butler, Kaz Kaan pursues love, fashion and supernatural forces amid Neo Yokio's sinister high society.
Pine Gap	At top-secret U.S.-Australian joint defense facility Pine Gap, fissures appear in the critical alliance as spies work with, and against, each other.
ReMastered: Who Killed Jam Master Jay?	Run-DMC DJ Jam Master Jay made a huge impact in music and his community. But friends and family still seek closure years after his unsolved murder.
Super Monsters and the Wish Star	Christmas wishes come true for Lobo, whose favorite cousin arrives for a surprise visit, and for Glorb, who wishes he could be everywhere at once!
The American Meme	Social media stars Paris Hilton, Josh Ostrovsky, Brittany Furlan and Kirill Bichutsky hustle to build online empires – and face the pitfalls of fame.
Happy!	A boozy ex-cop turned hit man thinks he's losing his marbles when a cartoon unicorn only he can see urges him to rescue a girl kidnapped by Santa.
Yes or No	Traditional girl Pie is initially uncomfortable with her tomboyish new roommate. But as time goes on, she finds herself increasingly attracted to her.
Breath	In mid-1970s Australia, two small-town teenage boys befriend an enigmatic middle-aged surfer, who urges them to see the thrill in facing their fears.
Cleo & Cuquin	Spirited sister-brother duo Cleo and Cuquín try on different professions each day to help their other siblings solve problems and enjoy new adventures.
The Last O.G.	After 15 years behind bars, a kindhearted ex-drug dealer returns to Brooklyn looking for a fresh start, only to discover things have changed. A lot.
God's Not Dead: A Light in Darkness	After a fire breaks out at his church, a pastor faces a legal battle against university leaders who wish to push the congregation off the campus.
RUSSELL BRAND: RE:BIRTH	Russell Brand gets loquacious in London as he ruminates on the state of the world and marvels over how his life changed the moment he became a father.
The Cakemaker	When a German baker travels to Jerusalem in search of his dead male lover’s family, his growing involvement with them may expose his truth.
Blue Planet II	"This sequel to the award-winning nature series ""Blue Planet"" dives beneath Earth's oceans to reveal the dazzling vistas and amazing creatures there."
Silencer	When a drug lord kidnaps his girlfriend’s daughter, a retired assassin leaves his newly peaceful life to go on a ruthless rampage to rescue the child.
The Sound of Your Heart: Reboot	Webtoonist Cho Seok is back with more anecdotes of mix-ups, unintended antics, and bathroom blunders in this reboot starring an all-new cast.
Memories of the Alhambra	While looking for the cryptic creator of an innovative augmented-reality game, an investment firm executive meets a woman who runs a hostel in Spain.
Teefa in Trouble	A gangster hires goon Teefa to abduct his friend’s daughter for an arranged marriage, but things get tricky when Teefa develops feelings for the girl.
The Lobster	In a near-future world, single people are hunted and forced to find mates within 45 days, or be turned into animals and banished to the wilderness.
21 Sarfarosh: Saragarhi 1897	In one of history's greatest last stands, a battalion of 21 Sikh soldiers fights to defend their outpost from attack by over 10,000 Afghans.
A Beautiful Life	After meeting under awkward circumstances, a glamorous businesswoman and a tradition-bound policeman begin a relationship that changes their lives.
Accident	A contract killer skilled at staging lethal accidents fears he may be a victim of his own strategy when an accomplice dies in a mysterious mishap.
Ayotzinapa, el paso de la tortuga	Delving into the disappearance of 43 college students in Mexico, this documentary seeks to give justice and a voice to the victims and their families.
Battle	After Amalie's dad goes bankrupt, the young dancer's affluent life collapses. But she finds a new beat to follow after meeting hip-hop dancer Mikael.
Black Butler	In Victorian London, 12-year-old business magnate Ciel Phantomhive thwarts dangers to the queen as he's watched over by his demon butler, Sebastian.
Blind Detective	When a cop loses his vision, his detecting skills stay sharp. Luckily, a rookie officer recognizes his extraordinary powers of deduction.
Bobby Robson: More Than a Manager	Explore the life and times of legendary soccer manager Bobby Robson, whose keen mind for the game was matched only by his devotion to his teams.
Border Security: America's Front Line	This reality series chronicles the behind-the-scenes action as U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents safeguard the nation's crossings and ports.
Break Up 100	After their 99th breakup, a career woman and her carefree partner open a cafe where customers can put up souvenirs of past relationships.
Chal Bhaag	Three petty criminals find themselves in a pickle when police wrongly charge them with the murder of an important politician.
Crossroads: One Two Jaga	In Kuala Lumpur, an abused domestic worker tries to escape to Indonesia, while an idealistic cop insists on fighting corruption  – at a heavy price.
Don't Go Breaking My Heart	A financial analyst succumbs to a love triangle with a hard-drinking architect and a promiscuous investment bro, who soon becomes her boss.
Don't Go Breaking My Heart 2	Zixin is about to marry Qihong, but her gallivanting ex returns to wreak havoc as mistaken identities and love triangles stir up the lovers' paradise.
Faraar	When a man is arrested on arrival in America because authorities mistake him for a wanted gangster, a new friend tries to help him prove his innocence.
Great Interior Design Challenge	In this reality series, amateur interior designers on tight budgets test their mettle transforming rooms with speed and style.
Haunted House	With help from a 102-year-old goblin dwelling beneath their haunted apartment building, two siblings deal with ghosts and take on spooky mysteries.
Helios	When master criminal Helios steals a mobile WMD, rival agents from Hong Kong, South Korea and China must join forces to recover the device.
Hellboy	This fast-paced action flick tells the dark story of Hellboy, a charismatic demon who's put on Earth by the Nazis to terrorize the rest of the world.
Line Walker	A Hong Kong intelligence officer tasked with finding undercover agents whose identities have been erased finds herself in the paths of rival triads.
Little Singham	A spinoff of Rohit Shetty's action franchise, this animated series follows brave kid cop Little Singham’s adventures as he defends his town from evil.
Little Singham aur Kaal ka Mahajaal	When Kaal, the vilest demon on earth, threatens to destroy his village, child cop Little Singham must use his strength and smarts to fight back.
Look for a Star	While keeping his identity secret, a real estate billionaire tries to woo an outspoken croupier who talks gamblers out of losing their money.
Man vs Wild with Sunny Leone	The adventures of Bear Grylls get a unique spin as Bollywood star Sunny Leone hosts the show famous for revealing Bear's wilderness survival skills.
Oddbods: The Festive Menace	"In this ""Oddbods"" special, Bubbles's latest invention, the Naughty-or-Nice Machine, zaps Santa Claus, jeopardizing the whole Christmas holiday season."
Once a Gangster	Two former triads are tapped to run in an election for leader of the underworld, but both want normal lives. Each must outwit the other to lose.
Power Paandi	Retired, restless and constantly butting heads with his son, a former stuntman escapes on a road trip that becomes a journey to find his first love.
Roll With Me	Backed by a crew of unlikely allies, newly sober paraplegic Gabriel Cordell teams up with his nephew for a grueling wheelchair trek across America.
SDU: Sex Duties Unit	Four man-children in an elite tactical unit gallivant around Macau for a weekend of debauchery that gets them in trouble with the law.
Set Off	When a restaurant owner in Cyprus returns to Beijing to sign divorce papers, a drunk woman he encounters triggers a string of mishaps.
Seven Pounds	Weighed down by a dark secret, IRS agent Ben Thomas tries to improve the lives of seven strangers in need of a second chance.
The Great British Baking Show: Masterclass	Hosts Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood leave the tent and go into the kitchen to put their professional spin on baking techniques used in the show.
The Little Mermaid	In this take on the classic tale, a captive circus mermaid transforms the lives of a skeptical journalist and his wide-eyed young sister.
A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding	A year after helping Richard secure the crown, Amber returns to Aldovia to plan their wedding. But her simple tastes clash with royal protocol.
Angela's Christmas	A trip to church with her family on Christmas Eve gives young Angela an extraordinary idea. A heartwarming tale based on a story by Frank McCourt.
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs	Teenager Flint Lockwood has a knack for invention. With help from his pal Sam Sparks, he might even change the world – if he doesn't break it first.
Death by Magic	Magician Drummond Money-Coutts travels the globe, sharing his infectious love of his craft and attempting feats that proved fatal to other magicians.
El club de los insomnes	An insomniac, an aspiring photographer and a pregnant veterinarian form a unique friendship during late-night meetings at a 24-hour mini-mart.
F is for Family	Follow the Murphy family back to the 1970s, when kids roamed wild, beer flowed freely and nothing came between a man and his TV.
Garuda in My Heart 2	A young soccer player sets out to prove he can lead his team to a championship – but being a winner is about more than just talent.
Happy as Lazzaro	Purehearted teen Lazzaro is content living as a sharecropper in rural Italy, but an unlikely friendship with the marquise's son will change his world.
Love	In Jakarta, five couples of varying ages and backgrounds experience the different stages of romantic love, from its giddy start to its painful end.
Love and Fortune	Frustrated by life with her boyfriend, thirty-something Wako can’t stop herself from being interested in high schooler Yumeaki, despite their age gap.
Manto	The controversial and troubled Indo-Pakistani writer Saadat Hasan Manto finds his artistic choices challenged by censors.
Rajma Chawal	Hoping to revive his relationship with his resentful millennial son, an internet-rookie widower assumes the online persona of a young woman.
Spy Kids: Mission Critical	In this animated spinoff series, Juni and Carmen Cortez must battle the evil organization S.W.A.M.P. – without the help of their super-spy parents.
The World Is Yours	To escape his life of crime, a Paris drug dealer takes on one last job involving Spain, unhinged gangsters, his longtime crush and his scheming mother.
Time Share	Husband and father Pedro becomes increasingly suspicious that a series of mishaps at a resort during a family vacation are part of a sinister plan.
Brotherhood of Blades II: The Infernal Battlefield	While tracking down a seditious painter, an imperial guard is accused of a royal assassination attempt and framed in a complicated conspiracy.
Bumping Mics with Jeff Ross & Dave Attell	When Jeff Ross and Dave Attell take the stage, no one is safe. With the help of special guests, they're packing a lot of laughs into one epic weekend.
Minecraft: Story Mode	Take control of an adventure set in the Minecraft universe. The future of the world is at stake, and your decisions shape the story – so choose wisely!
Operation Red Sea	A special task force takes on a risky operation to evacuate civilians amid civil war. Based on the 2015 mission to rescue Chinese citizens in Yemen.
Harold and Lillian: A Hollywood Love Story	Storyboard artist Harold Michelson and his film researcher wife, Lillian, recall the influence they had on 60 years of Hollywood's biggest hits.
My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic: Best Gift Ever	The ponies get in the spirit of the holidays by drawing names for a gift exchange, then race around Equestria in search of the perfect presents.
Frontier	In 18th-century North America, ruthless trappers and entrepreneurs fight to wrest control of the fur trade from the mighty Hudson's Bay Company.
Fugitiva	A domestic abuse survivor orchestrates an elaborate deception to protect her family from her powerfully wealthy husband and his vindictive enemies.
Sick Note	After slacker Daniel Glass is misdiagnosed with cancer, his lies lead him into an absurd web of fraud, blackmail, suspicion and misadventure.
Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Return	The cult hit returns! Captured by mad scientists, new host Jonah survives a blitz of cheesy B movies by riffing on them with his funny robot pals.
The Christmas Chronicles	After accidentally crashing Santa's sleigh, a brother and sister pull an all-nighter to save Christmas with a savvy, straight-talking St. Nick.
De Palma	"Iconoclastic film director Brian DePalma takes a look back at the production of such classic movies as ""Carrie,"" ""Scarface"" and ""The Untouchables."""
Oh My Ghost	When a skilled but timid chef is possessed by a sassy spirit, her newfound confidence catches the eye of her longtime crush, a culinary hotshot.
The Tribe	An executive-turned-viral sensation loses his reputation and his memory, but finds a new life with his biological mother and her empowered dance group.
Kulipari: Dream Walker	Now the Blue Sky King, Darel must lead a rescue mission to save a Dream Walker – leaving the village under the protection of the Kulipari youth.
Paap-O-Meter	A trio of sky-dwelling ghosts must travel to Earth to teach sinning humans a lesson, but they somehow manage to botch each well-intentioned mission.
Puppy Star Christmas	A new pack of Pup Star pooches stumbles upon a rival team’s plan to ruin Christmas, then ends up at the North Pole to try and save the holiday spirit.
Sabrina	A toy manufacturer and his wife are terrorized by a demon after their orphaned niece tries to summon her late mother's spirit using a spooky ritual.
Target	Trapped in an empty building, nine people are forced to play a lethal game. All their movements will be recorded, and only one player can survive.
The Final Table	Teams of elite chefs vie to impress the world's toughest palates as they whip up iconic dishes from nine nations in this star-packed competition.
Trevor Noah: Son of Patricia	"""Daily Show"" host Trevor Noah touches on tacos, runaway snakes, camping, racism immunity and lessons he learned from his mother in this comedy special."
The Last Kingdom	As Alfred the Great defends his kingdom from Norse invaders, Uhtred – born a Saxon but raised by Vikings – seeks to claim his ancestral birthright.
The Pixar Story	Go behind the scenes at Pixar Animation Studios with this Emmy-nominated documentary tracing the creation and history of the groundbreaking company.
Eternal Love	After the deities Bai Qian and Ye Hua meet and fall in love, their romance stands the test of three lifetimes — each an epic in its own right.
La Doña	Worlds collide and lives shatter when Altagracia, a powerful and elegant businesswoman, plots a ruthless revenge while falling in love.
Silvana Sin Lana	When her fugitive husband leaves her homeless and penniless, a once-wealthy woman has no other choice but to join the working class.
Cam	After a look-alike takes over her account, a cam girl with a growing fan base sets out to identify the mysterious culprit and reclaim her own identity.
Dogs	These six intimate stories explore the abiding emotional bonds that form between dogs and their caregivers, no matter the circumstances.
Follow Me	Aspiring to be an internet celebrity and make big bucks, a filmmaker travels the world to learn the tricks of the trade from social media influencers.
Narcos: Mexico	"Witness the birth of the Mexican drug war in the 1980s as a gritty new ""Narcos"" saga chronicles the true story of the Guadalajara cartel's ascent."
Nothing to Hide	To spice up a dinner party, old friends agree to share every private message that pops up on their phones – with disastrous results.
Ponysitters Club	A young horse enthusiast teams up with her best friends to rescue and rehabilitate animals on her family's beloved ranch.
The Ballad of Buster Scruggs	Ranging from absurd to profound, these Western vignettes from the Coen brothers follow the adventures of outlaws and settlers on the American frontier.
The Princess Switch	When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places.
Vai Anitta	Go behind the scenes with Brazilian pop icon Anitta, along with her friends and family, as she aims to create a new song and music video each month.
Aalorukkam	When an aging father seeks the help of a doctor and a journalist to look for the son who left him 16 years ago, he learns some surprising truths.
Beyblade Burst Evolution	Scouted by a famous Spanish club, Valt Aoi heads to Spain. With their sights on the World League, he and his teammates face the European League first.
Christmas Wedding Planner	A wedding planner’s world is turned upside down when a handsome private investigator is hired to disrupt one of her biggest jobs.
Halkaa	Up against a corrupt government official and crushing poverty, a young boy in the Delhi slums attempts to raise funds to build himself his own toilet.
Mala Kahich Problem Nahi	With their relationship running on autopilot, a discontent husband and wife must confront their issues while on a trip with the extended family.
May the Devil Take You	Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past.
Muzaffarnagar Baaqi Hai	Through interviews with locals, this documentary investigates the triggers and outcomes of the 2013 communal riots in the heart of Uttar Pradesh.
Odu Raja Odu	While trying to buy his wife a set-top box, a struggling writer and his pal get entangled in the domino effect of a spectacularly botched drug deal.
Only the Dead	Given unprecedented access to soldiers and terrorists alike, journalist Michael Ware presents an epic, uncensored, intimate account of the Iraq War.
Pimpal	As a lonely widower prepares to leave India to live with his children in America, he looks back on past memories and unfinished business.
Savita Damodar Paranjpe	When his wife begins to exhibit alarming behavior, a husband tries to find whether she suffers from a personality disorder or something more sinister.
Shopkins: Chef Club	In this first full Shopkins movie, Peppa-Mint is the new Shoppie in town who stirs things up by hosting a team cooking competition.
Shopkins: Wild	Beloved movie star Scarletta Gateau visits Shopville and recruits the Shopkins for a quest through the jungle to the mysterious world of Pawville.
Shopkins: World Vacation	The Shopkins and Shoppies jet around the world in search of missing friend Kooky Cookie, a stolen diamond and more vloggable adventure.
The Crew	After an unexpected misstep, a crew of skilled Parisian robbers find themselves forced to carry out a daring heist for a powerful crime organization.
The Giant	In 1843, crippled Martin returns from war to his Basque hometown and finds his brother has grown into a giant, which they turn into a circus act.
BuyBust	In a mazelike Manila slum, at war with incensed civilians and a brutal cartel, special agent Nina Manigan must fight her way through one fierce night.
Loudon Wainwright III: Surviving Twin	Grammy-winning singer Loudon Wainwright III reflects upon his unique relationship with his father in an evening of original songs and heartfelt stories.
Warrior	A war veteran plagued by guilt over his final mission teams up with his best friend's widow to infiltrate a dangerous Copenhagen biker gang.
Green Room	At the end of their low-budget tour, a punk band accepts a gig at an isolated rural club, only to discover that their hosts are neo-Nazis.
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic	Journey to the enchanted land of Equestria, where unicorn Twilight Sparkle and her pals have adventures and learn valuable lessons about friendship.
Age of Tanks	The history of military tanks unfolds in a documentary series that traces their role in history and geopolitics from World War I to the 21st century.
Helix	While investigating a possible outbreak at an Arctic research facility, scientists discover a new virus that could wipe out every human on the planet.
The Workshop	In an old shipyard town in France, sociopolitical tensions beset a writing workshop where the instructor notices a student with a dark side.
All's Well, End's Well (2009)	Bound by a family rule that forbids him from marrying until his stubborn sister gets hitched, a bachelor enlists the help of a love guru to woo her.
Gabriel and the Mountain	In a drama based on a true story, Brazilian backpacker Gabriel Buchmann spends his gap year exploring Africa. Why does he die in the Malawi mountains?
Lommbock	After finding love in drug-free Dubai, Stefan returns to Germany to grab documents for his wedding. But old buddy Kai's bad habits complicate things.
Love O2O	When a computer-science major gets dumped by her “husband” in an online role-playing game, she attracts a new proposal from the game’s top player.
Medal of Honor	Honoring service members whose courage merited the awarding of a Medal of Honor, this docudrama series re-creates their inspiring true stories.
Outlaw King	In 14th-century Scotland, Robert the Bruce claims the crown and leads a fierce uprising to win back the country's independence from English rule.
Super Drags	In this adult animated series, three gay co-workers lead double lives as drag queen superheroes, saving the LGBTQ community from evil nemeses.
The Queen of Flow	Seventeen years after being wrongly imprisoned, a talented songwriter seeks justice against the men who caused her downfall and killed her family.
Treehouse Detectives	When their animal friends need help, brother-and-sister team Toby and Teri use the clues and follow the facts to solve mysteries in their own backyard.
Westside	Nine struggling musicians share the spotlight in this deeply personal reality series about the challenges and thrills of staging a Hollywood showcase.
Hope Springs Eternal	When a teen with terminal cancer miraculously finds herself in remission, she struggles to give up the attention her illness gave her at school.
The Desert Bride	While traveling across Argentina to a new job, a longtime maid encounters a salesman who opens her eyes to life's beauty and possibilities.
The Sea of Trees	"A brooding American unable to cope with personal crisis travels to ""suicide forest"" near Mount Fuji, where he meets a fellow lost wanderer."
Transfers	After a boating accident, woodworker and family man Florian wakes up in the body of an officer who leads a task force against illegal body transfers.
Yes or No 2	No longer university girls, Kim and Pie face new hurdles in their relationship, including work, new friends and other distractions.
Yes or No 2.5	Roommates Wine and Pie find their lives turned upside down when two more ladies move in next door, bringing up past heartaches and new attractions.
Damnation	During the Great Depression, a stranger with a violent past poses as a preacher and rallies farmers to mount a strike in a rural Iowa community.
Into the Forest	In the near future, two frightened sisters fight for survival after losing their father during a deadly, quietly looming apocalypse.
Krisha	After 10 years away from her family, Krisha returns for Thanksgiving, but bitter grudges and troubling addictions threaten to ruin the event.
Bucket List	After getting a heart transplant, a 40-year-old homemaker in Pune makes the life-changing decision to complete the bucket list of her 20-year-old donor.
John Leguizamo's Latin History for Morons	In this one-man Broadway show, John Leguizamo finds humor and heartbreak as he traces 3,000 years of Latin history in an effort to help his bullied son.
Bleach	After teenager Ichigo Kurosaki acquires superpowers from wounded soul reaper Rukia Kuchiki, the two of them join forces to round up lost souls.
Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil	Fresh off a top-secret training, feisty heroine Little Red teams up with intrepid reporter Wolf to investigate the disappearance of Hansel and Gretel.
Kopitiam	A young woman returns to Malaysia to take over her father’s old coffee shop. Along with inheriting the Kopitiam, she gains a kooky group of friends.
Ana e Vitória	After meeting by chance, two young musicians with differing views on love and life record an album that drastically alters their lives.
Brainchild	From germs and emotions to social media and more, it's the science of your world explained in a way that's refreshingly relatable.
House of Cards	A ruthless politician will stop at nothing to conquer Washington, D.C., in this Emmy and Golden Globe-winning political drama.
ReMastered: Tricky Dick & The Man in Black	This documentary chronicles Johnny Cash's 1970 visit to the White House, where Cash's emerging ideals clashed with Richard Nixon's policies.
The Holiday Calendar	A talented photographer stuck in a dead-end job inherits an antique Advent calendar that may be predicting the future – and pointing her toward love.
The Judgement	After a traumatic incident at a party makes her a target of gossip and derision, a young college student tries to change her school's toxic culture.
The Other Side of the Wind	On the last day of his life, a legendary director struggles to complete a new project and contemplates his legacy in this layered film by Orson Welles.
They’ll Love Me When I’m Dead	Actors, crew members and others who were there discuss the tumultuous creation of Orson Welles's final, unfinished film, “The Other Side of the Wind.”
A Wednesday	After receiving an anonymous tip about a bomb, a police commissioner must negotiate with the terrorist, who demands the release of four militants.
Aagey Se Right	A cop full of self-doubt loses his gun five days before he's due to leave the force, and becomes an unexpected hero as he tries to retrieve it.
Aamir	In this high-tension thriller, an anonymous caller on a cell phone threatens to harm a man's family if he doesn't carry out every order.
ABCD 2	After being accused of cheating on a reality TV show, a dance troupe seeks to redeem itself by winning the World Hip-Hop Dance Championship.
ABCD: Any Body Can Dance	Thrown out of the elite dance studio he founded, Vishnu's spirits rebound when he sees young street dancers prepping for an annual contest.
Arjun: The Warrior Prince	This animated retelling of the classic Indian tale of Prince Arjun – part of the Sanskrit epic Mahabharata – begins during the prince's youth.
Asees	When a dispute breaks out between five siblings over their mother’s property, one devoted son will go to any lengths to protect her land.
Barfi!	"Years after rejecting Barfii, a hearing and speech impaired young man, for a more ""appropriate"" suitor, Shruti finds herself falling for him."
BASEketball	When two slackers' made-up sport, BASEketball, becomes a national craze, they hope to cash in on the basketball/baseball hybrid's popularity.
Calico Critters	The adorable residents of Sylvanian Village always have lots of fun with their friends and families!
Calico Critters: A Town of Dreams	Freya heads into town with her mother for a very special occasion: a dress designed by her sister Stella is going to be in a fashion show!
Calico Critters: The Treasure of Calico Village	Freya and her friends inspire the mayor to put on a competition at the fete to pick the loveliest thing in Sylvanian Village.
Chaar Sahibzaade	With a horde of enemy invaders bearing down, four sons of an illustrious Sikh guru lead a tiny but valiant army into a desperate fight for freedom.
Chance Pe Dance	Having risen from humble beginnings, an ambitious young man sets his sights on winning a major dance competition that could catapult him to fame.
Christmas With A View	Still reeling from a business failure, the restaurant manager of a ski resort finds her world jolted by a new chef, who has his own hidden past.
Chup Chup Ke	Mistaking a broke, small-time hustler for a millionaire, two bumbling fishermen hatch a scheme to use him to help pay off their debts.
Creators	Two brilliant scientists discover the hidden virtual city of Creápolis, where citizens have the power to solve problems by believing and creating.
Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal	In a last-ditch effort, the jaded coach of the Southall United Football Club assembles a ragtag team and helps lead the team to a comeback season.
Dhoondte Reh Jaoge	An accountant and a producer hatch a scheme to finance a movie, while making every effort to ensure that it flops so they may pocket the difference.
Do Dooni Chaar	A struggling math teacher holds down a second job to keep his family afloat. But when he receives a wedding invitation, he's determined to attend.
Edge of Fear	During a wilderness getaway, a gang of sociopathic criminals kidnap a woman and assault her husband, who must summon all his strength to save her.
Edmilson Filho: Notas, Comedy about Relationships	Brazilian comedian Edmilson Filho walks his audience through the stages of a modern relationship, playing up the differences between men and women.
Filmworker	Leon Vitali had a thriving acting career most others would envy. Then he gave it all up to devote himself completely to the vision of Stanley Kubrick.
Follow This	Follow the reporters at BuzzFeed as they probe topics ranging from quirky internet crazes to safe injection spaces for opioid users.
Gaddar: the Traitor	An Indian man who has become a major business mogul in Canada must return to his homeland where he's reviled due to being wrongly branded a traitor.
Get Shorty	Organized crime enforcer Miles Daly strives to reinvent himself as a Hollywood filmmaker in this satire based on Elmore Leonard's best-selling novel.
Ghanchakkar	Former con artist Sanju surrounds himself with the finer things, a blissful life troubled by only one thing: his wife, who wants even more.
Girl from Nowhere	A mysterious, clever girl named Nanno transfers to different schools, exposing the lies and misdeeds of the students and faculty at every turn.
Grandmaster	Anticipating the next move in a serial killer's grisly game, a police chief realizes that his daughter and estranged wife are the next likely victims.
Hattrick	Stories of personal victories coincide with Team India's battle for the Cricket World Cup in this engaging ensemble drama.
Heroine	One woman experiences the dramatic highs and lows of fame in this voyeuristic glimpse past the glitz and glamour of a Bollywood superstar's life.
Himmatwala	A young man returns to his native village on a mission of vengeance after his father commits suicide in the wake of false accusations.
Husbands in Goa	Three professional friends, all husbands living with domineering wives, take a well-deserved vacation in the resort city of Goa.
Jatts in Golmaal	Without fully realizing the consequences, a boy who wants to relocate from India to Canada sells his heart to a gangster in need of a transplant.
Kai Po Che!	This Bollywood drama tells the story of three best friends who dream of starting a cricket training academy in Ahmedabad for very different reasons.
Kalakalappu	Cheenu dreams of resurrecting the restaurant he has inherited to its former glory, but his brother, a compulsive gambler, loses the place to a cop.
Katt Williams: The Pimp Chronicles: Pt. 1	In this 2006 show, comic Katt Williams uses his edgy style and personal experiences to paint a sassy, hilarious portrait of life in black America.
Katti Batti	After falling in love during college, architect Maddy and free spirit Payal have five wonderful years together, until a mystery suddenly divides them.
Life in a ... Metro	A group of Mumbai up-and-comers search for love and struggle for success in this ensemble drama that centers on an eager young call-center executive.
Marc Maron: Thinky Pain	Alternative comic Marc Maron is back on stage in New York to talk Chinese food, drug abuse, sex in hotel rooms and life with his girlfriend.
Morris from America	When his father moves from the U.S. to Heidelberg, Germany, an African American teenager struggles to find his place and pursue his hip-hop dreams.
Mumbai Meri Jaan	A moving portrayal of the 2006 train bombings in Mumbai, this Indian drama follows the interconnected stories of several strangers.
Mundeyan Ton Bachke Rahin	When they both fall for the same girl, best pals and shameless womanizers Prince and Jassi go head-to-head to compete for her love.
No One Killed Jessica	This thriller tells the true story of model Jessica Lall – who was shot dead in a restaurant – and the campaign to bring her killer to justice.
Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!	Starting as a petty thief, a man rises to become one of the city's biggest operators and carves out the kind of lifestyle he'd once only dreamed of.
Paan Singh Tomar	Paan Singh Tomar goes from celebrated runner to star brigand and rebel when life after sports fails to unfold as planned.
Raja Natwarlal	A small-time con man assembles a team to help him avenge the death of his partner-in-crime at the hands of a powerful gangster.
Satyagraha	In this Bollywood drama, a corporate go-getter sees his priorities shift when personal tragedy brings him face-to-face with political corruption.
Settai	Asked to deliver a package for a friend, Madhu gets her fiancé, Jayaganthan, to take care of it, and he then passes the task to one of his roommates.
Sigaram Thodu	A policeman's son overcomes his reluctance to join the force following a brutal attack on his father and ends up in the middle of a robbery case.
Sommore: The Reign Continues	"Self-proclaimed ""Queen of Comedy"" Sommore storms the stage to deliver a riotous stand-up performance in Charlotte, North Carolina."
Stink!	After noting a strange odor in his child’s pajamas, a single dad’s search for the source uncovers potentially toxic secrets of the chemical industry.
The Great British Baking Show: The Beginnings	A dozen amateur bakers amiably compete for the coveted title of Britain's best as they whip up tasty treats for judges Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood.
The Tigers of Scotland	This documentary highlights the endangered existence of the Scottish wildcats, and the conservation efforts required to prevent their extinction.
The Untold Tales of Armistead Maupin	"This documentary traces the life of ""Tales of the City"" author Armistead Maupin, from his conservative roots to his rise as an LGBTQ champion."
The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep	A boy watches an egg he found hatch into something incredible. But how long can he keep such a big secret from his mom – and the Scottish government?
Transcendence	Two computer scientists work to achieve technological singularity to create a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain.
Vaya	Three youths from rural South Africa set out for Johannesburg, where they're thrust into the seedy underbelly of the city and must fight to survive.
Welcome to Sajjanpur	An educated man assists the illiterate residents of his village with written correspondence, sometimes manipulating the letters to suit his interests.
Yeh Hai Bakrapur	A poor family’s goat suddenly acquires divine status, sparking a widespread frenzy as everyone clamors to benefit from its unexpected celebrity.
Zokkomon	When his cruel uncle abandons him, a young orphan learns to access the untapped superpowers that have been waiting within him all along.
Goldie & Bear	"Best pals Goldie and Bear, from ""Goldilocks and the Three Bears,"" join other characters from beloved stories for adventures in the Fairy Tale Forest."
Gun City	In 1921 Barcelona, amid unrest between anarchists and the police, a cop plays both sides to learn who stole army weapons that could ignite a civil war.
Heneral Luna	Flashbacks reveal Gen. Antonio Luna's tireless fight for Filipino independence from the U.S. and his leadership in the Philippine-American War in 1899.
Fate/EXTRA Last Encore	Hakuno Kishinami finds himself in the midst of a Holy Grail war with no memories of how he got there. Through his confusion, he must fight to survive.
My Brother ... Nikhil	After being diagnosed HIV-positive, a champion swimmer is disowned and harassed by all except his loving sister and loyal boyfriend.
Shorgul	A Hindu boy's feelings for a Muslim girl expose the tensions between their two communities and open the door to chaos and violence.
Siddhant	A principled mathematics teacher is shocked to discover that his grandson used unethical means to achieve academic success.
The Degenerates	Six stand-ups explore the coarse and salacious side of comedy in this series of half-hour specials. For mature audiences.
The Jungle School	An idealistic young woman travels to the jungles of Indonesia to teach literacy – and much more – to local children.
Kings	A foster mom and her houseful of kids befriend a bitter neighbor after the Rodney King verdict is handed down in 1992 Los Angeles.
Equals	Two young lovers depart from the norm simply by having romantic feelings for each other in a society where humans have been relieved of all emotions.
14 Cameras	Upping the “13 Cameras” ante, this sequel finds a family renting a vacation house that’s been customized to violate their privacy.
Dragon Tiger Gate	Dragon and his fellow students at Dragon Tiger Gate martial arts school team up to battle the ferocious villain Shibumi.
Been So Long	A single mother in London's Camden Town hears music when she meets a handsome stranger with a past. But she's not sure she's ready to open her heart.
Castlevania	A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly beasts controlled by Dracula himself. Inspired by the classic video games.
Dovlatov	Over six days in 1971, brilliant writer Sergei Dovlatov encounters maddening barriers to publishing his work under the repressive Soviet regime.
Incoming	When an imprisoned terrorist cell hijacks a high-security prison in outer space, a CIA agent becomes the one chance of stopping them.
Jefe	A rude, self-centered businessman seems to be on the brink of losing everything until a night janitor at his office helps him find redemption.
Santo Cachón	A man whose wife is repeatedly cheating on him turns to his friends for support in this wacky comedy.
Shirkers	In 1992, Sandi Tan and her friends shot a quirky film on the streets of Singapore. Then the footage disappeared, sending her on a hunt for answers.
Terrorism Close Calls	Law enforcement officials look back on attempted terrorist attacks that were thwarted in the nick of time.
W/O Ram	Frustrated with the stalled investigation into her husband's murder, a woman searches for the killer on her own, putting herself in grave danger.
DreamWorks Spooky Stories	Shrek dares his friends to bring on the scary with ghost stories told in a haunted castle. Later, Ginormica and the Monsters face alien pumpkins.
Great News	A TV news producer's ambitions take an awkward turn when her mother rejoins the workforce and snags a job as the station's newest intern.
Queens vs. Kings	"No ""ism"" is left unturned in this celebrity game show that battles stereotypes and sexism by pitting male and female comedians against each other."
Ronnie Coleman: The King	Today, legendary bodybuilder Ronnie Coleman's body bears the scars of becoming the best in the world. Here, he shares what it took to reach his goals.
Baahubali: The Beginning (English Version)	Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this English version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
Bodyguard	After helping thwart a terrorist attack, a war veteran is assigned to protect a politician who was a main proponent of the very conflict he fought in.
ADAM SANDLER 100% FRESH	"From ""Heroes"" to ""Ice Cream Ladies"" – Adam Sandler's comedy special hits you with new songs and jokes in an unexpected, groundbreaking way."
Here to Heart	Wen Nuan signs on to work as the executive assistant to ex Zhan Nanxian at his tech firm. Helping him at work just may lead her back into his heart.
Scorpion King 5: Book of Souls	The Scorpion King joins forces with a Nubian princess in an all-or-nothing fight to stop a warlord from claiming the souls of the vanquished.
The Hollywood Masters	Top Hollywood stars and directors open up about their dreams, struggles and lifelong obsessions in interviews filmed in front of a live audience.
God Knows Where I Am	Through diary entries, this documentary follows the life and death of homeless woman Linda Bishop and her struggles with starvation, sanity and God.
Bunk'd	"The Ross siblings of Disney's hit series ""Jessie"" spend a summer full of fun and adventure at Maine's Camp Kikiwaka, where their parents first met."
The Rainbow Troops	Two Indonesian teachers embrace an inspiring crop of gifted young students who've come to study at their crumbling Islamic primary school.
How to Get Over a Breakup	A heartbroken ad copywriter living in Lima, Peru, is inspired to write a blog about life as a single woman and is surprised by her website's success.
The Gospel of John	In the first of four word-for-word film adaptations, Aramaic-speaking actors re-create the stories of Jesus' life from the fourth gospel.
Accidentally in Love	Rejecting the demands of her wealthy family, a young woman poses as an ordinary college student and crosses paths with a stoic pop star at school.
Ask the Doctor	From allergies to diet to sleep, three friendly doctors share expert advice, bust medical myths and test the latest treatments.
Best.Worst.Weekend.Ever.	Teenage friends plan an epic trip to Comic-Con to meet their idol, only to get caught in one hilariously awkward predicament after another.
Club de Cuervos Presents: I, Potro	Former Club de Cuervos player Potro returns home to Argentina to crash the wedding of his famous soccer-star brother and confront his estranged family.
Derren Brown: Sacrifice	Illusionist Derren Brown concocts a psychological experiment in which he tries to manipulate an ordinary person into taking a bullet for a stranger.
Gnome Alone	After moving into a new house with her mom, high schooler Chloe discovers a troupe of talking garden gnomes who need her help saving the world.
Illang: The Wolf Brigade	In 2029, the elite police squad Illang combats a terrorist group opposing reunification of the two Koreas. But another enemy may be lurking nearby.
Making a Murderer	Filmed over 10 years, this real-life thriller follows a DNA exoneree who, while exposing police corruption, becomes a suspect in a grisly new crime.
Marvel's Daredevil	Blinded as a young boy, Matt Murdock fights injustice by day as a lawyer and by night as the Super Hero Daredevil in Hell's Kitchen, New York City.
Naa Bangaaru Talli	A father leading a dark double life and his daughter, who's eager to pursue her studies in Hyderabad, face the tragic consequences of sex trafficking.
Oddbods: Party Monsters	Dressed up as detective Sherlock Holmes, Slick must crack the case when a magician turns Jeff's spooky-costume party guests into their scary alter egos.
Project S The Series	Sports and friendship intertwine in tales of a volleyball team, an autistic badminton player, a skateboarder with depression and an archery-club crush.
S Storm	Anti-corruption investigator William Luk must join forces with detective Lau Po-keung to bring down a crime syndicate involved in sports betting.
The Gospel of Luke	Word-for-word Bible texts of the entire book of Luke are narrated and re-enacted in this epic production of the Gospel's accounts of Jesus's life.
The Gospel of Mark	See Jesus from a disciple's point of view in this first-ever, word-for-word film adaptation of the Gospel of Mark, lauded for its historical accuracy.
The Gospel of Matthew	The Apostle Matthew is highlighted in this word-for-word film adaptation of the former tax collector's Biblical writings about working with Jesus.
The Night Comes for Us	After sparing a girl's life during a massacre, an elite Triad assassin is targeted by an onslaught of murderous gangsters.
Wanderlust	Unable to revive their fading sex life after many years of marriage, a therapist and her husband decide to start dating other people.
Mr. Chandramouli	When the lives of a carefree boxer and his cabdriver dad collide with the ambitions of a ruthless businessman, a search for answers turns to revenge.
My Babysitter's a Vampire	Ethan, Benny and fledgling vampire Sarah battle zombies, demons and the other supernatural beasties that regularly threaten their school.
My Babysitter's a Vampire: The Movie	When their parents head out for the evening, Ethan and his little sister get the babysitter of their nightmares: a fledgling vampire named Sarah.
Rake	While Cleaver Greene is a brilliant and driven attorney, he's also an ex-druggie, a current gambling addict and loathed by many of his colleagues.
Ron White: If You Quit Listening, I'll Shut Up	Ron “Tater Salad” White dishes out his signature brand of cynicism, riffing on sex, celebrity and the sinister habits of wild geese.
Devlok with Devdutt Pattanaik	Through chats with host Rasika Dugal, mythologist Devdutt Pattanaik explores the meaning and modern-day relevance of Indian folklore and philosophy.
Meghnadbodh Rohoshyo	A professor mysteriously vanishes, leaving behind a host of suspects, a shadowy history and a clue: the anonymous birthday gift of a Bengali classic.
Octonauts	A team of brave underwater explorers known as the Octonauts combs the world's oceans for aquatic creatures in desperate need of assistance.
Power Rangers Ninja Steel	A new generation of teen heroes uses superhuman ninja powers to battle the intergalactic villain Galvanax and save Earth from destruction.
Sanju	From the depths of addiction to the heights of stardom to underworld entanglements, this biopic traces the checkered past of Indian actor Sanjay Dutt.
Stunt Science	When it comes to daring stunts and outrageous pranks, we often wonder: What were they thinking? This high-octane series tries to find some answers.
The Seven Deadly Sins	When a kingdom is taken over by tyrants, the deposed princess begins a quest to find a disbanded group of evil knights to help take back her realm.
Soorma	This biopic on former Indian field hockey player Sandeep Singh follows the athlete’s hard-fought comeback after an accidental gunshot left him paralyzed.
Apostle	In 1905, a drifter on a dangerous mission to rescue his kidnapped sister tangles with a sinister religious cult on an isolated island.
Black Heart	Blaming a crooked media mogul for the death of his journalist sister, a surgeon enlists the help of a beautiful psychologist to get revenge.
Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan and Jane	Saved from a plane crash and given supernatural powers, teen Tarzan joins forces with brave city girl Jane to protect his jungle home from threats.
Errementari: The Blacksmith and the Devil	A brutal blacksmith tortures a demon he blames for his misery, unaware a trespassing orphan is about to change everything. Based on Basque folklore.
Feminists: What Were They Thinking?	Revisiting 1970s photos of women that captured a feminist awakening, this film explores those women's lives and examines the continued need for change.
FIGHTWORLD	Actor and fight enthusiast Frank Grillo travels the world, immersing himself in different fight cultures to understand their traditions and motivations.
Kuntilanak	Five youngsters discover that an antique mirror found in their orphanage is home to an evil ghost who kidnaps children and imprisons them inside it.
ReMastered: Who Shot the Sheriff	In 1976, reggae icon Bob Marley survived an assassination attempt as rival political groups battled in Jamaica. But who exactly was responsible?
The Boss Baby: Back in Business	The Boss Baby brings his big brother Tim to the office to teach him the art of business in this animated series sprung from the hit film.
The Curious Creations of Christine McConnell	Wickedly talented baker and artist Christine McConnell fills her home with haunting confections, creepy crafts – and wildly inappropriate creatures.
The Haunting of Hill House	Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it.
The Kindergarten Teacher	A devoted teacher takes interest in a young student's creative potential after hearing his poetry. But she soon crosses the line into obsession.
Filosofi Kopi The Movie	The level-headed owner of a struggling coffee shop finds his future at risk when his partner – a talented but cocky barista – makes a major bet.
Ordinary Heroes	Get an intimate look at four engaged citizens whose courage, sense of civic duty and ultimate sacrifice helped to transform Italian society.
Salt Fat Acid Heat	Chef and food writer Samin Nosrat travels the world to explore four basic keys to wonderful cooking, serving up feasts and helpful tips along the way.
22-Jul	After devastating terror attacks in Norway, a young survivor, grieving families and the country rally for justice and healing. Based on a true story.
Blood Pact	An ambitious TV reporter uses risky and ethically questionable methods to report on gang wars and police corruption in the Amazon port of Belém, Brazil.
Tales From the Hood 2	Buckle up for an anthology of socially conscious horror stories that focus on the perils of racial injustice and the price of ignorance.
Garuda Di Dadaku	A determined boy will do anything to become a great soccer player, despite the wishes of his grandfather.
Mo Amer: The Vagabond	Arab-American comedian Mo Amer recounts his life as a refugee comic, from traveling with the name Mohammed to his long path to citizenship.
Surat Dari Praha	Hoping to fulfill her deceased mother's final wish, a young woman travels to Prague to deliver an old letter to a mysterious man.
Pulang	Thom tells her grandson about his grandfather, a sailor who left 61 years ago to seek his fortune, and asks him to find out what happened to her spouse.
Sofia the First	When her commoner mother marries the king, average-girl Sofia finds that being a real princess isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Jackpot	A lottery ticket salesperson faces an ethical dilemma after setting aside a soon-to-be winning ticket for a customer to pick up and pay for later.
Seven in Heaven	Two teenagers step into a secret closet and emerge in a terrifying alternate reality. They must find their way back before the door shuts forever.
Cahaya Dari Timur Beta Maluku	After witnessing a child’s death during a violent clash, a former soccer player launches a youth team to help local kids avoid further bloodshed.
Dancing Queen	Snatching trophies. Getting gorgeous. Turning it up. Alyssa Edwards rules the dance studio by day – and the drag world by night.
Emma' (Mother)	In 1950s Makassar, the life of a devoted mother is upended when another woman enters her husband's life.
Empire Games	Interviews with scholars and dramatic reenactments bring to life the origins and history-making achievements of the world's greatest ancient empires.
LOST SONG	War looms over the kingdom of Neunatia, where two young women are both burdened and blessed by the power of song.
Malevolent	A brother-sister team who fake paranormal encounters for cash get more than they bargained for when a job at a haunted estate turns very, very real.
Private Life	Struggling to conceive, a couple in their 40s are almost out of options – until a sliver of hope arrives in the form of their visiting step-niece.
Super Monsters Save Halloween	The Super Monsters use their powers to get their neighbors in the Halloween spirit, then help a nervous friend see there's nothing to be afraid of.
YG Future Strategy Office	K-pop star Seungri, BIGBANG's youngest member, tries to lead a team of bumbling staff at YG's Future Strategy Office in this mockumentary sitcom.
Compulsion	Lured to a majestic, remote villa by an old lover, an erotic novelist finds herself falling for a mysterious woman and descending into a moral abyss.
The Dreamer	A trio of friends struggles to make it through adolescence, all while hoping that bigger and better things await them.
The Haunting of Molly Hartley	A troubled teenage girl hopes to start fresh at a new school, but the horrifying truth about her past is destined to catch up with her.
Violet Evergarden: Special	Auto Memory Doll Violet Evergarden writes letters for people who can’t, learning about her war-torn country and her own hardened heart along the way.
Benji's Very Own Christmas Story	While on a press tour, Benji goes behind the scenes of Santa's workshop. But Santa has a devastating secret, so it's up to Benji to save Christmas.
The Black Prince	After being exiled to England as a child, a Punjabi prince struggles to return to his homeland and his Sikh faith in this historical drama.
Truth or Dare	"A game of ""Truth or Dare"" among college friends on spring break turns deadly when a demon seems determined to use it to kill them all."
Death Race: Beyond Anarchy	"An ex-racecar driver is sent to a barbaric prison where, to get pardoned, he must defeat the inmate known as Frankenstein in a lethal ""Death Race."""
Eric ldle's What About Dick?	In a madcap stage play from Monty Python icon Eric Idle, comic greats perform the decline and fall of the British Empire ... as told through a piano.
Joe Rogan: Strange Times	Outspoken as ever, comedian Joe Rogan takes on current culture, pro wrestling, pot laws, cats, vegans and more in a stand-up special shot in Boston.
Monty Python Best Bits (mostly)	Prominent comedians pay tribute to Monty Python's best work in this five-part series, along with selected clips of sketches.
Monty Python Conquers America	Follow the evolution of the British sketch comedy troupe that redefined humor and shaped an entire generation of American comics.
Monty Python Live (Mostly): One Down, Five to Go	Live from London in a sold-out final show, surviving members of the British comedy troupe reprise old roles and break out in irreverent song and dance.
Monty Python: Before the Flying Circus	Discover how six seemingly ordinary but supremely talented men became Monty Python, sketch comedy's revolutionary comedy troupe.
Monty Python: Live at Aspen	The members of Monty Python reunite on stage to talk about making their iconic show that changed sketch comedy forever.
Monty Python: Live at The Hollywood Bowl	"Film clips and Terry Gilliam animations feature in this live-to-tape performance of greatest hits, including ""Travel Agent"" and ""Solo Wrestling."""
Monty Python: The Meaning of Live	From heyday to curtain call, this documentary offers a rare glimpse of the legendary Monty Python troupe as it stages live shows after a long hiatus.
Monty Python's Almost the Truth	The legacy of comedy group Monty Python, whose irreverent brand of humor has tickled the ribs of millions, is explored in this documentary.
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	The Pythons elevate the absurd to new heights and bring their sketches to German TV, working in phonetic German, at times with an Australian accent.
Monty Python's Flying Circus	The Monty Python players make their mark with a winning mix of wit, ingenuity and brilliant timing – and a penchant for mockery and cross-dressing.
Monty Python's Life of Brian	Born in a stable in Judea, Brian grows up to join a group of anti-Roman zealots, but his fate keeps getting confused with that of a certain carpenter.
Monty Python's Personal Best	Original members of the iconic Monty Python comedy troupe pick their all-time favorite sketches from their groundbreaking television series.
Parrot Sketch Not Included: Twenty Years of Monty Python	Presented by Steve Martin, this anthology draws from “Flying Circus” and “Fliegender Zirkus” to mark the 20th anniversary of the TV series.
The Meaning of Monty Python	"Five Pythons reflect on their creative process, politics, television and the making of their award-winning final film, ""The Meaning of Life."""
25 Kille	Four brothers learn that they have inherited ancestral land, but must fight to claim it when a greedy feudal lord threatens to take it over.
A Witches' Ball	Beatrix can't wait to be inducted as a witch, but an unfortunate incident threatens to take her pending title away if she doesn't act fast.
Agyaat	A film crew shooting in a remote forested location begins losing members one by one to a mysterious entity that they cannot see or hear.
Anjaan	Mild-mannered Krishna comes to Mumbai to search for his gang-leader brother, and quickly finds himself in way over his head.
Bathinda Express	An ambitious young athlete endeavors to revive his floundering running career after falling prey to negative influences.
Brooklyn's Finest	Three cops find themselves hurtling toward the same crime scene on one fatal night in this tense, edge-of your-seat thriller.
Chappaquiddick	Senator Ted Kennedy watches his future unravel in the wake of an infamous car crash as family and allies vie to protect his reputation.
Civilizations	"Expanding Kenneth Clark's 1969 ""Civilisation"" series for a new generation, this reboot explores the art of cultures around the world, throughout time."
Delhi 6	In the ancient walled city of Delhi, an American-born Indian finds himself on an unexpected inner journey as he learns about himself and his roots.
Dev.D	Because they come from different castes, the son of a tax collector and his true love are not allowed to marry, sending them down divergent paths.
Dil Vil Pyaar Vyaar	Agam Singh's brothers mean everything to him, so while he promises not to marry, he tries to get them to marry – but they want him to marry first.
Dushman	An Indian hotel waiter forms an unlikely bond with a Pakistani colleague when the establishment’s criminal owner threatens to ruin both their lives.
Earth's Natural Wonders: Life at the Extremes	From the Arctic to the Outback, humans battle the elements and use their ingenuity to survive in the most extreme environments in the world.
Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu	Bollywood stars Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor pair up to play exceptionally dissimilar lovers in this lighthearted romantic comedy.
Fishtail	Harry Dean Stanton narrates this documentary that follows two modern-day cowboys as they welcome new calves at Montana's Fishtail Basin Ranch.
Freedom at Midnight	Jailed after becoming entangled in the murder of a cop, a prisoner assembles a team of inmates to hatch a plan for making a getaway.
Haani	When a man discovers that he can communicate with his grandfather's spirit, it leads to two love stories intertwining 50 years apart.
Happy Go Lucky	Three sisters seem to be ideal brides for three brothers. But when the girls' father won't allow the marriages, the boys use trickery to pull it off.
Harishchandrachi Factory	Against a backdrop of burgeoning social unrest, a neophyte filmmaker makes history in 1913 as the director of India's first feature-length film.
Hot Date	Interconnected sketches and performances skewer the madness and misunderstandings of modern relationships.
Jagga Jasoos	An eccentric, self-proclaimed detective goes on an action-packed hunt for his missing father, with an awkward but adventurous journalist by his side.
Jatt James Bond	Shinda loves Laali but can't have her, so he and his friends come up with an elaborate plan to solve all their problems and win her.
Jodhaa Akbar	In 16th-century India, what begins as a strategic alliance between a Mughal emperor and a Hindu princess becomes a genuine opportunity for true love.
Judge Singh LLB	Framed by a politician for committing murder, a lower-class boy hires the only counsel he can afford: a lawyer with no courtroom experience.
Kaminey	A young man pursues his dreams of wealth by breaking the law, while his twin brother tries to better his life through hard work and honesty.
Kevin Hart: Laugh at My Pain	Sometimes edgy and always hilarious, comedian Kevin Hart shines in this theatrical version of his record-breaking 2011 live tour.
Kevin Hart: Seriously Funny	With his unique hip-hop style delivery, African American stand-up comedian Kevin Hart expounds on life at a sold-out concert performance.
Khido Khundi	An embittered former hockey star must engage with the sport again to help his brother assemble a team for a momentous match against the British.
Khoobsurat	A free-spirited doctor is hired to assist an injured king and winds up challenging his family's tradition-bound lifestyle as she falls for his son.
Killer Women with Piers Morgan	Journalist Piers Morgan goes behind prison walls to speak with women convicted of shocking crimes, shedding light on what drove them to murder.
Kingdoms of the Sky	Meet the astonishing animals and adventurous people living on some of the most spectacular – and formidable – mountain ranges in the world.
Kisaan	A bitter family battle ensues between a father and his sons when a businessman makes a deal that entices farmers to sell off their properties.
Kismat Konnection	A man finds his lucky charm in the form of a woman whom he had once clashed with on every level, but on whose presence he must now rely to succeed.
Kurbaan	When a young Indian couple moves to the American suburbs, they are shocked to discover that they've become enmeshed in a secret terrorist plot.
Lock	A disillusioned rickshaw driver in Punjab dreams of moving to Dubai, but his plan to butter up his would-be benefactor goes horribly wrong.
Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana	Fleeing London to evade a gangland debt collector, Omi Khurana returns to his native village in India, passing himself off as a successful lawyer.
Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh	An ordinary-looking guy weds the woman of his dreams, but his jealousy threatens to destroy their union in this lighthearted tale of marital mismatch.
Manje Bistre	While prepping for a family wedding, a young man falls for his sister’s friend, who has already been promised to someone else.
Motor Mitraan Di	When three brothers unwittingly get entangled in a murder associated with a fraudulent ashram leader, they set out to expose him to society as a fake.
Mountain	Featuring breathtaking imagery and thought-provoking narration, this film takes viewers to the summits of some of the world’s most amazing mountains.
Mugamoodi	A martial arts specialist accidentally becomes a superhero when he steps in – in costume – to help the cops catch a criminal.
Muran	When jingle composer Nanda's car breaks down on his way to Chennai, he hitchhikes there with Arjun, who tries to rope Nanda into a shady deal.
My Friend Pinto	A bright-eyed villager comes face-to-face with the gritty realities of modern-day Mumbai when he sets out to find his childhood friend.
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Forgotten Friendship	School yearbook editor Sunset Shimmer has suddenly been erased from the memories of her best friends and must find out how to fix this.
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Rollercoaster of Friendship	Rarity gets a summer job at Equestria Land, making Applejack feel jealous. But when their friends start vanishing, they must work together to find them.
My Suicide	After declaring that he's going to film himself committing suicide for a school project, Archie videotapes reactions from friends and family.
Naan Sigappu Manithan	After his sleeping disorder hinders him from protecting his girlfriend, a man sets out to take revenge on the thugs who attacked her.
Nasha	A teenage boy becomes smitten with his new drama teacher and pursues her, despite the perilous risks of being found out.
Nature: Animals With Cameras	With custom-built cameras attached to their bodies, animals from nine species offer a rare and intimate glimpse into their lives.
Naughty Jatts	When three different boys propose to a lively, strictly reared girl who yearns to be a performer, she agrees to marry the winner of a singing contest.
Needhi Singh	When her friend’s rapist evades punishment from the law, a determined young woman takes revenge into her own hands in this story based on real events.
Peace Haven	Complications around the cremation of their deceased friend inspire three septuagenarian friends to build their own mortuary.
Phantom	India's primary intelligence agency sends an enigmatic operative on a top-secret mission to avenge the 11/26 terrorist attack on Mumbai.
Pizza	A pizza delivery boy who doesn't believe in the supernatural is forced to confront his convictions after being trapped in a house on his route.
Pooja Kiven Aa	When a woman arrives in Mumbai and hires three spirited boys to care for her estate, she discovers they're more trustworthy than her family members.
Race	The plot thickens around two horse-racing competitors when three beautiful women come into their lives and a murder is committed.
Race 2	In this sequel set in the world of horse racing, half-brothers Ranvir and Rajiv Singh return for another complex tale of love, greed and violence.
Saadey CM Saab	Three old friends who have always hated politics are in for a shock when the friend who dislikes politics the most is somehow elected head minister.
Sat Shri Akaal England	After several failed attempts to obtain a visa, a man desperate to escape Punjab pays a British woman to marry him so he can move to England.
Still Game	Scottish pensioners Jack and Victor make the most of their golden years, getting themselves into all kinds of scrapes in their Glasgow suburb.
Strong	Gabrielle Reece hosts a transformative competition of tough fitness challenges as 10 women partner with 10 elite personal trainers.
Thaandavam	In London, a mysterious blind man named Kenny appears to be an assassin who uses echolocation to kill, but there is more to Kenny than meets the eye.
The Birth Reborn	Featuring experts in their fields and raw and moving footage, this documentary makes a case for increased autonomy in women's choices for childbirth.
Theeya Velai Seyyanum Kumaru	When shy Kumar gets stuck on the losing end of a love triangle, the Love Doctor, Mokia, has a strategy for Kumar to win the love of his life.
Three Wives One Husband	A film crew captures a year in the life of modern polygamist families at Rockland Ranch, a community for fundamentalist Mormons in the Utah desert.
Tiger	Imprisoned for drug smuggling as a child, a young man uses the law he studied while in jail to take revenge on those who wronged him.
Udaan	Upon returning to his industrial hometown, a young man must decide whether to follow his own dreams or acquiesce to his father's plans for his future.
V for Vendetta	"A masked freedom fighter known as ""V"" takes up arms against a totalitarian government and finds an unlikely ally in a young woman."
Vettai	This powerful Tamil action film follows the shared fate of two very different siblings: policeman Thiru and his roguish brother, Guru.
Wake Up Sid	A spoiled trust fund brat finds himself stuck in a rut of meaningless late-night parties – until he meets a significantly older woman and writer.
We Are Family	A divorced mother of three children runs a happy household – until her former husband brings his new career-oriented girlfriend into the picture.
What the Jatt!!	A peasant from Punjab and his best friend pose as detectives, filmmakers and more while trying to retrieve stolen money in this romantic comedy.
Zack and Miri Make a Porno	Zack and Miri make and star in an adult film to bring in easy money. But their unspoken feelings for each other might threaten the whole enterprise.
Zindagi Kitni Haseen Hay	Two young parents struggle to keep their marriage afloat and their son protected amidst financial woes, career goals and clashes of ego.
Adam Ruins Everything	Education can be fun – and funny. Comedian Adam Conover bursts misconceptions, deconstructs topics and leaves with positive takeaways.
Ben 10	Ben can transform into ten types of aliens. He'll try 'em all while adventuring across the country with his cousin Gwen and Grandpa Max.
Big Miracle	After a reporter writes about whales trapped in the Arctic Circle, the U.S. and U.S.S.R. team up to rescue them in this tale inspired by true events.
Christiane Amanpour: Sex & Love Around the World	A contextual, acculturated dive into how adults in six, big global cities celebrate love and accentuate sex. CNN's Christiane Amanpour reports.
The Eighties	This nostalgic documentary series relives the 1980s from a variety of angles, exploring its impact on the politics, technology and culture of today.
The Nineties	This U.S.-focused series dives into the cultural and political changes that swept the last decade of the 20th century. Executive produced by Tom Hanks.
The Seventies	This series examines 1970s America, focusing on the major political and historical landmarks of the decade and the cultural response to those events.
We Bare Bears	Grizzly, Panda and Ice Bear are three adopted bear brothers struggling against their animal instincts to fit into the civilized, modern human world.
Act of Vengeance	"Two Turkish agents are sent to New York City on a mission to capture a notorious terrorist known only as ""Dejjal"" (Arabic for Antichrist)."
Paradise Lost	A cop moonlights as the bodyguard for a young drag queen at a nightclub, and grows closer to the family of misfit singers that perform there.
5CM	Five friends embark on a mission to climb the highest peak in Java, overcoming obstacles on the way and discovering the true meaning of friendship.
Animal World	An unlucky, debt-ridden teen resorts to his math skills when he's forced into a deadly tournament of rock-paper-scissors run by a diabolical host.
Hold the Dark	In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery.
Lessons from a School Shooting: Notes from Dunblane	Two priests – one from Dunblane, Scotland, the other from Newtown, Connecticut – bond over school tragedies that occurred 16 years apart.
Made in Mexico	These Mexico City socialites may lead opulent lives, but a peek behind the curtain reveals a tangled web of intrigue, envy and personal struggles.
Reboot: The Guardian Code	Four tech-savvy teens hone their skills as cyber-superheroes in a series of secret missions to save the world.
Single	Unemployed and immature, a somewhat pathetic bachelor sets his sights on finding a date for the wedding of his younger, more successful brother.
Skylanders Academy	Travel the vast Skylander universe in this animated series as a ragtag group of academy graduates build trust and heart in their fight against evil.
The 3rd Eye	When her little sister claims she sees the dead, Alia consults a psychic, who opens her own eyes to the vengeful ghosts haunting their childhood home.
The Sinking Of Van Der Wijck	When a young man leaves home to fulfill the wishes of his late father, he meets and falls in love with a woman from a very different background.
Two Catalonias	Lawmakers and activists with conflicting ideologies speak about the complexities of Catalonia's politics and the fight for its independence from Spain.
Weeds on Fire	In 1980s Hong Kong, a school principal forms a baseball team with an eclectic crew of local students who soon fight their way to the top of the league.
Norsemen	The residents of an 8th-century Viking village experience political rivalry, social change and innovations that upend their culture and way of life.
The Hurricane Heist	A deadly hurricane with mile-high waves provides the perfect cover for stealing $600 million from a U.S. Treasury outpost in Mississippi.
A Wrinkle in Time	Years after their father disappears, Meg and her younger brother Charles Wallace cross galaxies on a quest to save him from the heart of darkness.
China Salesman	A Chinese engineer travels to a war-torn African country to rebuild its telecommunications but instead finds massive corruption and explosive danger.
20 Feet From Stardom	Winner of the 2014 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, this film takes a look at the world of backup vocalists and the legends they support.
In Darkness	A blind pianist fears for her life after the suspicious death of her neighbor, the daughter of a businessman accused of war crimes.
Battlefish	Over the course of a fishing season, tough men and women pursue lucrative albacore tuna in the competitive waters off the Oregon coast.
DRAGON PILOT: Hisone & Masotan	Recently stationed Air Self-Defense Force rookie Hisone Amakasu is chosen by a dragon concealed within Gifu Air Base to be his pilot.
Hilda	Fearless, free-spirited Hilda finds new friends, adventure and magical creatures when she leaves her enchanted forest home and journeys to the city.
Maniac	Two struggling strangers connect during a mind-bending pharmaceutical trial involving a doctor with mother issues and an emotionally complex computer.
Quincy	This documentary profiles music and culture icon Quincy Jones, offering unprecedented access to his private life and stories from his unparalleled career.
Rafinha Bastos: Ultimatum	An off-color joke nearly cost him everything. Brazilian comic Rafinha Bastos talks about that and much more, from his divorce to finding love again.
The Good Cop	When he's not solving murders, a pathologically honest detective tries to keep an eye on his crooked but kindhearted dad.
Mad World	A stockbroker struggling with bipolar disorder goes to live with his estranged father in a cramped flat, where old resentments bubble to the surface.
Mobile Suit Gundam UC	When Banagher Links meets the mysterious Audrey Burne, he inherits the Unicorn Gundam and is swept up into the battle for space colony independence.
The Bund	After losing everything, a young man rebuilds his life and finds love in 1920s Shanghai – all while rising to power in an organized crime syndicate.
The Endless	As kids, they escaped a UFO death cult. Now, two adult brothers seek answers after an old videotape surfaces and brings them back to where they began.
Transformers: Rescue Bots	Follow the adventure of four young transformers, Heatwave, Chase, Blades and Boulder, and their human counterparts: a family of emergency responders.
Class Rank	When her class rank threatens her college plans, an ambitious teen convinces a nerdy peer to run for the school board to abolish the ranking system.
The Witch	Believing that a witch has cursed their family, pilgrims homesteading on the edge of a primeval New England forest become increasingly paranoid.
As Above, So Below	A beautiful tomb raider and her crew hunt for treasure in the catacombs of Paris and find themselves in a hellish underworld.
Mini Wolf	Mini-Wolf and his fun-loving pals friends are always on the look out for a new adventure – even if it includes a little bit of mischief.
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World	Dreamy delivery girl Ramona captures Scott Pilgrim's heart, but he must vanquish all seven of her evil exes in martial arts battles to win her love.
Al Hayba	In a village by the Lebanon-Syria border, the head of an arms-smuggling clan contends with family conflicts, power struggles and complicated love.
Arisan 2	A group of friends reunites for a vacation amid nature, where they laugh about their shared history and bond over difficult truths.
Cabins in the Wild with Dick Strawbridge	Engineer Dick Strawbridge and craftsman Will Hardie tour eight unique cabins built for a pop-up hotel in Wales, and construct No. 9 on their own.
Cardboard Gangsters	A low-level drug dealer decides to move up the ranks of the illegal narcotics trade in Darndale, Dublin, putting him and his gang on a violent path.
Eeda	Two young adults with families on opposite ends of the political spectrum fall in love in a Kerala city torn by violence.
Galih dan Ratna	Sparks fly between the new girl at school and the misfit with a passion for music. Yet the world threatens to put a stop to their innocent love song.
Gie	Indonesian activist Soe Hok Gie experiences a political awakening during the tumultuous regimes of Suharto and Sukarno. Inspired by true events.
How to Live Mortgage Free with Sarah Beeny	Real estate expert and TV presenter Sarah Beeny meets with clever property owners who share their colorful stories about living mortgage free.
Inside The Freemasons	Explore the history and future of the Freemasons, a fraternal order steeped in both secrecy and tradition.
Jugaad	Following the stories of five diverse individuals, this documentary offers a glimpse into the indomitable tenacity of several Mumbai residents.
Red Oleanders Raktokarobi	When a theater group stages a production of a Rabindranath Tagore play, they begin to notice parallels between the story and their own lives.
Samantaral	On a family visit, a young man and his girlfriend set out to discover why his eccentric uncle has been mysteriously confined to one room for years.
The Secret	Learning that her father has married a woman her own age, Kanaya leaves home, only to get into an accident that lands her in a haunted hospital.
American Vandal	A high school is rocked by an act of vandalism, but the top suspect pleads innocence and finds an ally in a filmmaker. A satirical true crime mystery.
Bangkok Hell	When offered a deal to snitch on fellow prisoners, an inmate faces a tough dilemma: act in his own interest, or help those who may need him.
Behind the Newsroom	Confident and cool under pressure, top news presenter Punchalee meets her match in the conniving Dao, who'll stop at nothing to fulfill her ambitions.
Bleach	When high schooler Ichigo is suddenly given reaper abilities, he really wants to give the powers back. But he'll have to reap some souls first.
Boca Juniors Confidential	Players, fans and staff of soccer powerhouse Boca Juniors provide an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at Argentina's legendary club.
Car Masters: Rust to Riches	The colorful crew at Gotham Garage overhauls an eclectic collection of cars and trucks, trading up to a showstopper they can sell for big bucks.
Ingobernable	The first lady of Mexico is a woman of conviction and ideals. But when she loses faith in her husband, she'll need all her strength to uncover the truth.
Norm Macdonald Has a Show	Comedian Norm Macdonald hosts his celebrity friends for casual conversations that range from silly to serious and take many unexpected turns.
Still	A haunted hotel, a body in a water tank, a nightclub fire and a prison death comprise four horror tales taken from Thailand's newspaper headlines.
Super Monsters Monster Party	Sing along and move to this groovy collection of music videos featuring monster friends Katya, Lobo, Zoe, Drac, Cleo and Frankie!
The Angel	As his country prepares for war, top Egyptian official Ashraf Marwan makes contact with Israel and wades into a shadowy game of high-stakes espionage.
The Land of Steady Habits	After leaving his wife and his job to find happiness, Anders begins a clumsy, heartbreaking quest to reassemble the pieces of his fractured life.
The Rise of Phoenixes	When a secret from the past rears its head, a respected court scholar must choose between avenging her family and staying true to the prince she loves.
Reversing Roe	Through interviews with abortion rights supporters and opponents, this film lifts the lid on a decades-long political campaign to overturn Roe v. Wade.
Zak Storm	Teen surfer Zak Storm is mysteriously transported to the Bermuda Triangle, where he becomes the captain of a magical ship full of misfits.
Life	At Korea's top university medical center, ideals and interests collide between a patient-centered ER doctor and the hospital's newly-appointed CEO.
On My Skin	Arrested in Rome for a drug-related offense, Stefano Cucchi endures a harrowing week in custody that changes his family forever. Based on true events.
Daniel Sloss: Live Shows	Comedian Daniel Sloss is ready to find the funny in some very dark topics, from the deeply personal to the truly irreverent.
If I were an Animal	Curious kids Emma and her big brother Tim observe different animals as they make their way through various life milestones, from birth to adulthood.
The Resistance Banker	Risking his family and future, a banker in occupied Amsterdam slows the Nazi war machine by creating an underground bank to fund the resistance.
My Teacher, My Obsession	When Riley changed schools, she didn't expect the girls to crush on her English teacher dad. And he didn't expect a disturbing infatuation.
Show Me the Money	Four ordinary family members find their lives turned upside down when they become overnight millionaires thanks to an unlikely benefactor.
Transformers Prime	With the help of three human allies, the Autobots once again protect Earth from the onslaught of the Decepticons and their leader, Megatron.
Transformers: Robots in Disguise	When a prison ship crash unleashes hundreds of Decepticons on Earth, Bumblebee leads a new Autobot force to protect humankind.
Castle of Stars	As four couples with different lifestyles go through the ebbs and flows of joy and sorrow, each must learn how to live a good life.
City of Joy	Women who've been sexually brutalized in war-torn Congo begin to heal at City of Joy, a center that helps them regain a sense of self and empowerment.
First and Last	Take an intimate look at the emotionally charged first and last days of new and soon-to-be released inmates at Georgia's Gwinnett County Jail.
Laddaland	When a family moves into an upscale housing development, they encounter a series of paranormal events that drive them to the edge of insanity.
Marvel's Iron Fist	Danny Rand resurfaces 15 years after being presumed dead. Now, with the power of the Iron Fist, he seeks to reclaim his past and fulfill his destiny.
Next Gen	When lonely Mai forms an unlikely bond with a top-secret robot, they embark on an intense, action-packed adventure to foil the plot of a vicious villain.
Sierra Burgess Is A Loser	A wrong-number text sparks a virtual romance between a smart but unpopular teen and a sweet jock who thinks he's talking to a gorgeous cheerleader.
Stretch Armstrong & the Flex Fighters	Jake Armstrong and his best friends are unexpectedly transformed into superheroes who learn to reach far beyond the limits of any ordinary teenager.
The Most Assassinated Woman in the World	In 1930s Paris, an actress famous for her gory death scenes at the Grand Guignol Theater contends with a mysterious stalker and ghosts from her past.
Hell and Back	When best friends break a blood oath, one of them is cast away to hell, and the other two must save him from the misfits of the underworld.
Once Upon a Time	In this fantasy series, a young woman is drawn to a small Maine town and discovers that it's filled with elements of the fairy tale world.
PK	Aamir Khan teams with director Rajkumar Hirani to play a social crusader in a political satire on the state of corruption in India.
ATM	When a broken ATM dishes out a fortune, a couple who works at the bank vies to see who can recover the most cash – and the loser must find a new job.
Bangkok Traffic (Love) Story	After an encounter with an engineer working the night shift for the city train, a 30-year-old woman struggles against all odds to pursue true love.
I Fine... Thank You... Love You	Desperate to go to the U.S. to win back his girlfriend, Yim hires a tutor to teach him English. But things don't go according to plan.
One Day	When his colleague (and crush) temporarily loses her memory, an overlooked geek seizes the chance to make an impression before she remembers again.
Phobia 2	From disfiguring punishments to festering souls, Thai horror masters present five supernatural tales of karma in this sequel to the 4bia anthology.
Shutter	After killing a young girl in a hit-and-run accident, a couple is haunted by more than just the memory of their deadly choice.
Suckseed	When his boyhood crush Ern returns, Ped forms a band with his friend to impress her. Romantic rivalries bloom after the talented Ern joins the group.
Black Panther	T'Challa, the superpowered new leader of the hidden, highly advanced African nation of Wakanda, strives to protect his home from enemies old and new.
Man Up	A single woman seizes an opportunity when, while standing under a train station clock, she meets a stranger who mistakes her for his blind date.
Lovesick	Love and academics get complicated at an all-male college that happens to be located next to an all-female high school.
The Debt Collector	A broke martial arts instructor takes a side gig with a mobster, who pairs him with a veteran thug for a weekend of fisticuffs-fueled debt collection.
Maynard	Friends, family and political titans recall the impact of Atlanta's Maynard Jackson, the first African-American mayor of a major Southern city.
Monkey Twins	Inspired by Khon dance drama and Thai martial arts, a fighter scarred by the past joins forces with a determined cop to battle an organized crime ring.
Quantico	When evidence in a deadly terrorist attack implicates FBI trainee Alex Parrish, she must discover which one of her classmates framed her.
Age of Rebellion	At their high school, a group of unruly teens wreak havoc, face bullies and navigate turbulent lives beyond school grounds.
Barça Dreams	Explore the history and philosophies behind one of the world's most beloved – and successful – soccer franchises: FC Barcelona.
Brick	Teenage loner Brendan Fry navigates his high school's intense social network to discover a killer's identity after his secret crush is murdered.
Carbon	On the verge of losing his business, an entrepreneur launches a carbon tax scam that thrusts him into a web of criminals, intrigue and murder.
Delirium	A man with a history of mental issues moves into his late parents' mansion and comes to suspect his new home may be haunted.
Garbage	The lives of a fundamentalist online troll and a woman reeling from a sex tape gone viral become dangerously intertwined in this provocative thriller.
Hope Aur Hum	A multigenerational household navigates daily life, evolving relationships and clashes between old and new mindsets in this light family drama.
Love and Shukla	A sexually inexperienced rickshaw driver struggles to build intimacy with his shy new wife in their tiny, overcrowded quarters.
Murder Party	"A mild-mannered office drone plucks a Halloween party invitation off the street and suddenly finds himself the main event at a ""murder party."""
Once Again	After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person.
Pee Mak	Mak's friends just want to protect him, but his wife Nak won't let a small thing like her own death get in the way of true love in this horror-comedy.
Sisters	Her dad's deathbed confession leads Julia to discover she has more than 100 brothers and two sisters: troubled TV star Roxy and uptight lawyer Edie.
Solo Con Tu Pareja	A yuppie playboy looks for a quick death after being falsely diagnosed with AIDS by a nurse who was once cheated by the young Casanova.
Sparring	A middle-aged boxer with a mixed record becomes a champion's sparring partner while dreaming of one last chance to end his career with a victory.
Stephanie	A menacing, unseen force stalks a young girl living by herself in a suburban house, where she's surrounded by reminders of her once-happy family.
Terrifier	On Halloween night, inside a dilapidated apartment building, Art the Clown stalks his victims, slicing and slaughtering in terrifying silence.
The Keeping Hours	Years after the death of their only child and subsequent divorce, a couple discovers that their son's ghost continues to inhabit their former home.
The Perfect Day	French soccer fans, celebrities and athletes retrace the exhilarating events of July 12, 1998, as France earned a historic win in the World Cup final.
The Promise	In the wake of the 1997 financial crisis, two teens whose families face bankruptcy make a suicide pact – but one of them breaks the promise.
The River Wild	A turbulent vacation turns deadly when a fugitive and his crew kidnap a river rafting guide and her family, forcing them down the dangerous river.
The Road to Calvary	Swept up in political unrest during World War I, two sisters in St. Petersburg cope with turbulent romances as Russian history is made around them.
Cathedral of the Sea	In 14th-century Barcelona, a serf's determined climb to wealth and freedom incurs the disdain of the noble class and the suspicion of the Inquisition.
Chennai Express	What could have been a sad journey turns joyful for Rahul when he falls in love with a woman en route to submerging his grandfather's ashes.
Inside the Criminal Mind	Explore the psychological machinations and immoral behavior that define the most nefarious types of criminals.
Justice, My Foot!	Slick lawyer Sung fears he's been cursed with bad karma and considers giving up his practice – until he's approached by a widow accused of murder.
Ozark	A financial adviser drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder $500 million in five years to appease a drug boss.
Paradise PD	An eager young rookie joins the ragtag small-town police force led by his dad as they bumble, squabble and snort their way through a big drug case.
Prince Charming	Two young buddies seek love in Hawaii, and upon returning home in disappointment, soon entangle themselves in a messy identity swap.
The Comedy Lineup	A diverse group of up-and-coming comedians perform 15-minute sets in this stand-up comedy showcase series.
The Laws of Thermodynamics	A physicist uses the laws of thermodynamics to describe romance and relationships, but his theories prove faulty when it comes to his own love life.
Ultimate Beastmaster	In this intense obstacle course series, elite athletes from the U.S. and other countries compete for cash prizes, individual glory and national pride.
Ultimate Beastmaster México	Competitors representing countries from around the world battle it out on a grueling obstacle course. Luis Ernesto Franco and Inés Sainz host.
Undercover Law	Female intelligence agents infiltrate the disparate aspects of a Colombian cartel in an attempt to take down the drug lords and their associates.
Yeh Meri Family	In the summer of 1998, middle child Harshu balances school, family, friendship and other challenges of growing up.
The Surrounding Game	Teens in America dedicate themselves to the Asian game of Go, which originated in ancient China, drawing meaningful life lessons along the way.
Be-Be-Bears	Bear buddies Bucky and Bjorn play games, go on far-out adventures and learn about wondrous new things together.
Inequality for All	Former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich makes a compelling case about the serious crisis the U.S. faces due to the widening economic gap.
Conjuring Spirit	In the wake of her husband's betrayal, a novelist and mother moves to an old building, where she receives a music box and encounters a strange spirit.
Naam Shabana	A fiery young woman accepts help from a spy agency to avenge her lover's murder. In return, she must prove herself as one of their top recruits.
Qarib Qarib Singlle	After reluctantly joining a dating app, a 35-year-old widow accompanies an easygoing poet on a trip to visit three of his exes.
Spyder	When an Intelligence Bureau officer’s phone-tapping day job leads him to a serial killer, he must track down and thwart the murderer’s next steps.
A Leaf of Faith	This documentary takes a deep dive into the benefits, dangers and lingering questions around Kratom leaf as an alternative to opioid painkillers.
Chicken Soup for the Soul's Being Dad	Nine dads around America with different family structures, backgrounds and jobs navigate the joys and challenges of fatherhood.
May We Chat	A messaging app unites a mute prostitute, an unruly rich girl and a stormy young woman, three Hong Kong teens living in pain and excess.
Hank: Five Years from the Brink	"From Joe Berlinger, director of the ""Paradise Lost"" trilogy, comes this documentary about controversial former U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson."
Head On	This edgy drama follows 19-year-old Ari, a gay Greek-Australian whose roiling ethnic- and sexual-identity struggles lead to a wild, 24-hour odyssey.
InuYasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time	A powerful demon has been sealed away for 200 years. But when the demon's son is awakened, the fate of the world is in jeopardy.
Maria Bamford: The Special Special Special	Spend an evening with gleeful, oh-so-awkward Maria Bamford via her cozy, shot-at-home comedy special, which has a two-person audience: her parents.
Nymphomaniac: Volume II	The second half of Lars von Trier's epic follows Joe as her reignited sex addiction destroys her family and thrusts her toward a surprising new trade.
Bert Kreischer: Secret Time	Shirtless comic Bert Kreischer relays personal secrets and stories about being a cool – if not always responsible – dad in this stand-up special.
El Cartel	One man makes a fateful decision to get involved with a Colombian drug cartel in this series based on a novel by Andrés López López.
El Cartel 2	Drug trafficker Pepe Cadena navigates the treacherous waters of warring cartels in Mexico and Colombia while avoiding capture by the DEA and police.
GHOUL	When a new prisoner at a military detention center exhibits eerie behavior, a young interrogator’s search for the truth becomes a battle for survival.
One Last Shot	In this low-budget short film, two best buddies meet up for a night of booze-fueled fun before one of them moves to Vancouver.
Take My Brother Away	Bickering siblings Shi Miao and Shi Fen tackle friendship matters, school drama and the pitfalls of growing up with little parental supervision.
The After Party	An aspiring rapper and his best friend/manager have one night to bounce back from embarrassment and make their dreams of hip-hop stardom come true.
The Drunk and on Drugs Happy Funtime Hour	A variety-show production trips up big time when the cast members take their roles to new heights, and the line between fact and fiction blurs.
The Innocents	Runaway teen lovers June and Harry find themselves swept up in a dangerous and confusing new world when June begins to display mysterious abilities.
The Power of Grayskull: The Definitive History of He-Man and the Masters of the Universe	This colorful documentary explores the origins and impact of He-Man, a character whose power stretched well beyond a toy line and children's TV show.
Deadwind	Just months after a tragic loss, detective Sofia Karppi investigates the murder of a woman with ties to a Helsinki construction company.
Elephants Dream 4 Hour	Friends Proog and Emo live in a capricious, seemingly infinite machine with a sinister purpose in this experimental computer-animated short.
The Lodgers	Twin siblings live under a curse in their ancestral home, but one of them is tempted to defy house rules, angering the spirits keeping them hostage.
Bareilly Ki Barfi	When she falls in love with the author of a novel she adores, bohemian Bitti enlists the help of a local printer to find her new object of affection.
Mersal	A detective arrests a doctor for crimes targeting medical professionals but later finds the real culprit in a tale of revenge, corruption and magic.
Mom	After her stepdaughter is sexually assaulted at a party, a furious mother sets out to destroy the lives of the four perpetrators who walked away free.
Pad Man	Despite public humiliation and resistance, an entrepreneur markets a hygienic, low-cost sanitary pad that even India's poorest women can afford.
Toilet: Ek Prem Katha	On her first day of marriage, a woman leaves her husband upon learning his home lacks a toilet, sparking a quixotic quest to acquire modern sanitation.
Leo & Tig	Spunky leopard cub Leo and his loyal tiger pal Tig team up for fun and adventure as they explore the forest and learn about ancient legends.
Attitude Test	"Four high school seniors steal an important college entrance exam and go on vacation to ""study,"" but accidentally lose the exam while partying."
Barrio Universitario	Four friends from a humble technical school compete against the elite students of a prestigious university in a robot-building contest.
Héroes	When an earthquake hits Chile, rescue workers must put aside their differences to save the country from a businessman's evil scheme.
The Investigator: A British Crime Story	This show sheds new light on the decades-old case of Carole Packman, whose husband was convicted of her murder, even though her body was never found.
Alejandro Sanz: What I Was Is What I Am	A retrospective look at the life and career of Grammy-award winning Spanish musician Alejandro Sanz.
Peter Rabbit	In this mix of live action and CGI, rascally Peter Rabbit faces a tough new foe in his ongoing battle for the veggies in Mr. McGregor's garden.
Save Our Shelter	Pet rescue expert Rocky Kanaka and renovation specialist Rob North travel across North America, transforming animal shelters to help homeless pets.
Magic for Humans	From baffling people on the street to orchestrating elaborate tricks, Justin Willman blends good-natured magic with grown-up laughs.
Party Monster: Scratching the Surface	"In the probing documentary ""Party Monster,"" DJ Fingablast investigates what became of his childhood hero, DJ Slizzard."
Same Kind of Different as Me	A wealthy couple whose marriage is on the rocks befriends a local homeless man who changes their perspectives in this inspiring true story.
Stay Here	Designer Genevieve Gorder and real estate expert Peter Lorimer show property owners how to turn their short-term rentals into moneymaking showstoppers.
The Motive	An aspiring writer with no imagination seeks inspiration for his novel by manipulating the lives of his neighbors so that he can write about them.
To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before	When her secret love letters somehow get mailed to each of her five crushes, Lara Jean finds her quiet high school existence turned upside down.
Ultraviolet	An online community of amateur sleuths use technology to solve crimes – and make quirky friends – in their quest for justice.
Yoo Byung Jae: Discomfort Zone	Daring comedian Yoo Byung-jae connects criticism he's received from the general public to some of the most touchy issues in current Korean society.
Bhavesh Joshi Superhero	When his best friend is killed for uncovering political corruption, an idealistic young man decides to become a masked fighter for justice.
Casino Tycoon 2	Casino mogul Benny Ho wields enormous power. But a feud with his former partner and a massive fraud scheme soon threaten his family and his empire.
Disciples Of The 36th Chamber	"Shaolin monk San Te returns to protect a fellow hero with a talent for finding trouble in this action-packed sequel to ""The 36th Chamber of Shaolin."""
Legendary Weapons of China	Three assassins – magician Lei Ying, hit man Tieh Hon and kung fu master Ti Tan – are sent to Yunnan by their clan leader to bring to justice another clan member who betrayed the tribe.
Lifeline	Johnnie To's character-centered drama follows a Hong Kong firefighting crew as they take on harrowing rescue missions and navigate personal dilemmas.
Look Out, Officer	An officer killed on the job returns to Earth as a ghost to solve his own murder and seek justice with the help of a rookie cop and some funky magic.
Love on Delivery	To prove himself to a love interest, a delivery boy learns dubious kung fu from an aging charlatan so he can challenge his archrival to a fight.
Loving You	Struggling in a loveless marriage, a hard-drinking, workaholic cop finds a chance at redemption after a fateful incident leaves him wounded.
Mahjong Heroes	In this comedy, characters from all walks of life go head-to-head around the mahjong table in a high-stakes contest of different playing styles.
Martial Arts of Shaolin	In ancient China, Zhi Ming trains at the legendary Northern Shaolin temple to avenge the death of his father at the hands of a nefarious magistrate.
Mr. Virgin	When a young man ignores a feng shui master’s warning and decides to marry before turning 30, a series of mishaps begins to curse his life.
My Schoolmate, the Barbarian	A brainy private school student is transferred to a far less elite institution, where he must fend off classmates who settle scores with fistfights.
Oh My Ghost 3	After a body is discovered in their building, a vengeful, paranormal presence begins to affect Taew, Mod Dum and Cartoon's business.
Opium and the Kung Fu Master	Leader of the Ten Kwangtung Tigers, Tieh Chiao-san works with his kung fu students to protect his village from crime. But when an opium dealer starts to ruin the town, Tieh Chiao-san struggles to fight back, thanks to his growing opium addiction.
Painted Faces	In this dramatized rendition, students undergo rigorous study at Master Yu's Peking Opera school, a cradle for future Hong Kong film stars.
Return To The 36th Chamber	When thugs prey upon innocent factory workers, a small-time scammer trains for revenge by studying the moves of Shaolin temple monks.
Shark Busters	Hit by a media storm over his own mounting debts, a police officer leads an investigation against the loan sharks behind a sinister credit scheme.
Sword Masters: Two Champions of Shaolin	Shaolin warrior Tung Chien-chen is injured in battle against the hated Wu Tang clan, and nursed back to health by a knife-throwing master. As he recovers, Tung learns this deadly art, and also falls in love with his teacher's daughter.
The Bare-Footed Kid	While working at a family friend's business, a penniless orphan draws the attention of a corrupt competitor and is torn between divided loyalties.
The Mad Monk	To avoid punishment for his misdeeds, an arrogant god accepts a mission to reform three mortals on earth, where he must also contend with a demon.
The Young Vagabond	To avenge his master, a wine-loving young man steps up his fighting skills to defeat a powerful thief in a life-or-death match.
Wish I Was Here	With his acting career moribund, Aidan Bloom steers a new tack in life, taking over his children's education when private school becomes too costly.
Adventures in Public School	After years of home-schooling, an awkward teen decides he wants a public high school experience, but his overbearing mother struggles to let go.
Bioscope	Inspired by classic and contemporary literature, four renowned Marathi directors create four individual stories in this anthology of short films.
For Here or to Go?	A software engineer must decide if he'd rather navigate America's frustrating visa renewal process or simply return to his home country of India.
Hostiles	After a long career battling the Cheyenne, a U.S. Army captain is ordered to safely escort the tribe's most influential chief to his Montana homeland.
Hurricane Bianca: From Russia With Hate	When Texas teacher Richard is lured to Russia under false pretenses by his enemy Deb, his drag alter ego Bianca soon turns the country upside down.
Nuestra Lucha Libre	This documentary series lifts the mask on Mexican wrestling, diving into the daily lives of its stars, examining the sport’s cultural impact and more.
The Creative Indians	From chefs and comedians to filmmakers and fashion designers, India’s most notable imaginative minds share their artistic journeys.
What's Your Raashee?	To protect his family from ruin, Yogesh must marry his dream girl in only ten days, so he rushes into dating women with different astrological signs.
Splash and Bubbles	Curious pals Splash, Bubbles, Dunk and Ripple have fun exploring new places, making new friends and learning all about their amazing ocean home.
72 Dangerous Animals: Asia	From fangs to claws to venomous stings, they all wield deadly weapons. But which creature will be crowned the fiercest of all?
Afflicted	Baffling symptoms. Controversial diagnoses. Costly treatments. Seven people with chronic illnesses search for answers – and relief.
All About the Washingtons	Hip-hop icon MC Joe Speed retires from showbiz and finds a new rhythm balancing business, romance and everyday family chaos.
Beyond the Clouds	A youthful drug dealer in Mumbai must change his ways when the sister who raised him is assaulted by her boss and imprisoned for defending herself.
The Birth Reborn	Mothers and medical professionals speak about their experiences with the increasingly controversial practice of Caesarean deliveries in Brazil.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society	A London writer bonds with the colorful residents of Guernsey as she learns about the book club they formed during the WWII German occupation.
The Package	After their buddy suffers an unfortunate accident during spring break, four pals risk everything – including their dignity – to make him whole again.
Zion	Born without legs and stuck in foster care for years, teen Zion Clark finds his calling when he pursues competitive wrestling. A documentary short.
Perdida	A policewoman whose childhood friend disappeared in Patagonia years ago starts a new search to find answers, and soon finds her own life in danger.
The Most Unknown	Traversing disciplines from physics to psychology, nine scientists share ideas and seek common ground by delving into deep existential questions.
The Originals	"The Mikaelsons move to New Orleans and form an alliance with local witches in an effort to rule the city once again in this ""Vampire Diaries"" spinoff."
Enemigo íntimo	Siblings separated as children who no longer recognize each other are pitted against each other in a war involving drugs, crime and betrayal.
Pretty Man	Doomed by misunderstandings, two middle-school classmates miss their shot at love – but a twist of fate brings them together years later.
On Children	These uncanny tales reveal a world where individuals face the tragic consequences of social pressure, parental oppression and family dysfunction.
2 States	Graduate students Krish and Ananya hope to win their parents' approval before they marry, but the two families clash over their cultural differences.
Baaghi	A martial artist faces his biggest test when he has to travel to Bangkok to rescue the woman he loves from the clutches of his romantic rival.
Brij Mohan Amar Rahe	Faking his death to escape the realities of his uneventful life worked out well for Brij Mohan – until he was sentenced to death for his own murder.
Flavors of Youth: International Version	Memories in a bowl of steaming noodles, a fading beauty finding her way and a bittersweet first love – all in these stories of city life in China.
Cocaine Coast	In 1980s Galicia, Spain, a young fisherman becomes a prosperous cocaine smuggler by providing Latin American suppliers with a European entry point.
Dinotrux Supercharged	Amped up with powers that make them faster, stronger and more agile than ever, the Dinotrux are back to face new challenges and meet new friends.
I AM A KILLER	Death row inmates convicted of capital murder give a firsthand account of their crimes in this documentary series.
Like Father	After she's left at the altar, a workaholic advertising executive ends up on her Caribbean honeymoon cruise with her estranged father.
Marching Orders	A top-ranked college marching band’s members fight to keep their spots, memorize routines, tend to their social lives – and slay the competition.
7 Khoon Maaf	Spiced liberally with black comedy, this Bollywood drama follows the lethal love life of a woman who marries numerous men – only to find them flawed.
Chillar Party	Eight feisty boys befriend young drifter Fatka. When a mean politician threatens Fatka's way of life, the boys band together in honor of their pal.
Concussion	A lesbian housewife, feeling trapped in a stale marriage, begins visiting female prostitutes and soon seeks excitement by becoming a sex worker.
Emelie	A suburban couple hires a new sitter to watch their three kids for the night, unaware that the young woman isn't who she claims to be.
Fashion	A small-town girl finally realizes her dream of becoming a famous supermodel but soon finds there's a price for her glamorous new life.
Fitoor	A young artist falls for an aristocratic young woman whose bitter mother has trained her in the art of breaking hearts.
Fiza	Fiza's brother disappears during Mumbai's horrifying 1993 riots. Each day, Fiza and her widowed mother hope that he will return.
Forever Chape	In the wake of the plane crash that claimed the lives of 71 people, the Brazilian soccer club Chapecoense seeks to rebuild the team that made history.
Guzaarish	After an onstage disaster leaves an illusionist paralyzed, he channels his magic into a hit radio show. Years later, he fights for the right to die.
Haider	Shahid Kapoor delivers a searing performance in this Bollywood take on Hamlet that unfolds amid Kashmiri culture and history.
Highway	City girl Veera is kidnapped on the eve of her wedding, but as her captors take her through the countryside, Veera finds herself feeling emancipated.
I Hate Luv Storys	This Bollywood spoof recounts the ups and downs of an assistant film director who loathes romance and a designer who adores all things sentimental.
Joker	A remote village situated neither in India or Pakistan becomes its own republic after inmates at the local mental asylum bust loose and take over.
Khosla Ka Ghosla	A cranky control freak must rely on his comically dysfunctional family to pull off a scam on a greedy land shark who's stolen his prized property.
Main aurr Mrs. Khanna	A financially troubled Indian man heads to Singapore to find employment, while his pretty wife stays behind in a move that could cause trouble.
Mohenjo Daro	A courageous villager moves to the ancient city of Mohenjo Daro, where he falls for the daughter of a priest and does battle with a tyrant.
On the Wrong Track	Two rebellious, hot-headed teenage brothers get caught up in gang life, which has dangerous repercussions for their family and friends.
Raajneeti	When the American-educated scion of a powerful Indian family returns to the subcontinent, his first taste of power starts him down a corrupt path.
Rang De Basanti	An idealistic English filmmaker casts a group of student actors in her docudrama about India's revolution against British rule in the 1920s.
Rowdy Rathore	A con man uncovers a deadly secret and must save his lady love, the little girl who insists she's his daughter and the small-town locals from the mob.
Tamasha	Meeting while on vacation, Ved and Tara sense a connection but vow to keep their real identities a secret. Years later, their paths cross again.
Tees Maar Khan	A flamboyant con artist and his band of gleeful robbers gamble with fate when smugglers hire them to swipe antiques from a speeding train.
Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya	Mini isn't eager to wed the rich suitor who's been chosen for her, so she stages her own kidnapping and runs off with a man who works for her father.
Thank You	Three cheating husbands end up paying the price for their infidelities when their spouses hire a private detective – who falls for one of the wives.
The Blue Umbrella	A charming allegory based on a novella by Ruskin Bond, this visually stunning film from India explores themes of greed, loneliness, longing and loss.
Bean: The Ultimate Disaster Movie	Disaster-prone Mr. Bean is sent to Los Angeles to guard a famous painting, but as he's unfit for any physical task, everything goes hilariously wrong.
Becoming Champions	This series looks at the stories behind the athletes and countries that have achieved World Cup champion status.
Being Napoleon	On the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo, thousands of enthusiasts reenact the epic clash. But there can only be one Napoleon.
Casino Tycoon	When Japanese troops invade Hong Kong, young Benny Ho flees to Macau and rises to the top of the city's casino business with pluck, diligence and wit.
Chernobyl Diaries	A group of kids takes an illegal tour through an abandoned city near Chernobyl, where mysterious humanoid forms begin to haunt their steps...
Doubles Cause Troubles	When the tenant in their flat dies under suspicious circumstances, two bickering cousins are forced to navigate both sides of the law.
Flock of Four	One night in 1959, four young musicians venture from Pasadena to South-Central Los Angeles in the hopes of hearing a living jazz legend play.
Hero	A pugilist from Shantung struggles to rise to the top of the Shanghai triad ladder, where his stellar martial arts talents can shine.
History of Joy	The life of a high-flying law student takes a drastic turn when a bout of misfortune changes his status in society for good.
Initial D	By day, an 18-year-old delivers tofu for his father, a retired race car driver
Invisible	After learning she's pregnant, a teen grapples with the consequences while trying to go about her life as if nothing has changed.
Kaaliyan	An aggressive, wayward fisherman abandons his wife and daughters, who grow up to face the consequences of their father's mistakes.
Kung Fu Magoo	Shortsighted curmudgeon Mr. Magoo and his young nephew, Justin, fight such nefarious foes as kung fu villains, robot spiders and teenage mutants.
Kuppivala	A young woman talented at traditional dance finds her life changed when her love for a man clashes with the wishes of her father.
Lechmi	The spirit of a murdered woman contacts four bachelors, enlisting their help to find her killer.
Little Dragon Maiden	Seeking to improve his combat skills, a young man falls in love with a woman with mystical powers, but his past stands in the way of their union.
Los tiempos de Pablo Escobar	Featuring never-before-seen images, personal testimonies and more, this is the story of one of the most notorious drug smugglers of all time.
Love In A Puff	When the Hong Kong government enacts a ban on smoking cigarettes indoors, the new law drives hard-core smokers outside, facilitating a meeting between Cherie, a makeup saleswoman, and Jimmy, an advertising exec.
Mahabharat	Two young brothers encounter a singing bird who treats them to a musical reinterpretation of one of India’s most epic ancient tales.
Mater	A single man in his 30s overwhelmed by his domineering mother meets a lesbian couple willing to go to extreme lengths to have a child.
Melle	After recovering from a tragic experience, a young woman makes a journey to her father's homeland and falls in love with a kind-hearted doctor.
Minnaminugu the FireFly	A nameless widow juggles multiple jobs to support her daughter’s decision to study abroad, only to discover that she has other plans.
Mythily Veendum Varunnu	After losing her father, a young woman moves to the city to earn money. When she finds a job at a mysterious bungalow, her worst nightmares come true.
Once In A Lifetime Sessions with Moby	Through performances and interviews, musician Moby opens up about his unusual childhood, his heroes and the stories behind his songs.
Once In A Lifetime Sessions with Nile Rodgers	The career of rhythm guitarist and Chic founder Nile Rodgers is chronicled in this musical blend of documentary and original concert performance.
Once In A Lifetime Sessions with Noel Gallagher	Between scenes from an intimate performance, the Oasis legend reflects on his road to stardom and offers insights on his creative process.
Once In A Lifetime Sessions with TLC	One of the most successful female groups in music history, TLC performs in concert while taking a look back at their tumultuous history.
Oru Vishsheshapetta Biryani Kissa	When the village's biryani cook unexpectedly passes, a widow steps up to the plate and takes on new delectable challenges.
P Se PM Tak	A prostitute who is down on her luck gets caught in the middle of an elaborate scheme orchestrated by two local politicians.
R.L. Stine's Mostly Ghostly	After discovering a pair of young ghosts, a nebbish 11-year-old agrees to help the sibling spirits solve the mystery surrounding their demise.
Rangreza	A high-flying rock star and son of a politician falls for a woman from a qawwal family, leading to a love triangle that may consume everyone involved.
Sudani from Nigeria	When a soccer club manager brings one of his injured foreign players home to recuperate, they form an unlikely bond despite their cultural differences.
Switched	High schooler Ayumi's perfect world evaporates when her envious classmate Zenko somehow steals her body, her boyfriend and her life.
The Could’ve-Gone-All-the-Way Committee	People bring their stories of missed lust connections to an objective panel of experts who then judge whether they could have gone all the way or not.
The Diabolical	Terrorized by unexplained disturbances and horrific visions in her home, a young widowed mother turns to her scientist boyfriend for help.
The Informant!	While gathering evidence against his employer to help the FBI build a price-fixing case, Mark Whitacre begins to piece together a fantasy world.
The Parole Officer	After witnessing a murder, Simon Garden is framed – and the only evidence that proves his innocence is a videotape locked inside a bank vault.
Tikli and Laxmi Bomb	Two frustrated sex workers cut out the middlemen from their business affairs and start a cooperative that's run entirely by women.
Flying Guillotine 2	The emperor's reign of terror expands. Heroic outlaw Ma Teng joins a squad of female rebels, whose leader is torn between family loyalties.
Reality of Dream	Five friends from college chase their post-grad dreams of becoming a successful writer, film director, singer, rich wife and out-and-proud hair stylist.
The Five Venoms	A dying kung fu master sends his last student to track down five former pupils in order to learn which one of them has become evil.
A Very Secret Service	At the height of the Cold War in 1960, André Merlaux joins the French Secret Service and contends with enemies both foreign and bureaucratic.
Holy Man 2	Former rap musician Joey Boy is now a monk who takes Father Teng's place at his rural temple, where a crisis develops involving a nearby stone quarry.
Holy Man 3	Two new monks, one of them a former rock music star seeking inner peace, join a temple plagued by thieves who are stealing its valuable holy relics.
SWORDGAI The Animation	A young man becomes host to a legendary infernal sword and, with the fate of humanity now in his arm, wields its demonic power against his enemies.
The Unborn Child	A couple and their young daughter are haunted by a paranormal, malicious presence – which is soon linked to a temple and a series of abortions.
Her	Love comes to a lonely writer in the sleekest of packages when he finds himself falling for the advanced operating system he bought to run his life.
Da Kath & Kim Code	Kath and Kel's union is tested by Michael Bublé, daughter Kim tries pole dancing, pal Sharon finds love online, and a stalker lurks amid Yuletide cheer.
Kath & Kimderella	Chipper baby boomer Kath, diva daughter Kim and hapless pal Sharon visit Papilloma, Italy, where a royal romance and knockoff fashions await.
Kath and Kim	As Kath prepares to wed fine-meats purveyor Kel, her daughter Kim moves back home after becoming disillusioned with her two-month marriage to Brett.
The Company Men	A successful businessman comes face-to-face with America's downsizing epidemic when he loses his job and is forced to take a construction gig.
The Flying Guillotine	In Qing-dynasty China, the emperor commands that a weapon be invented to kill at a distance without a trace. Then he orders it used on its wielders.
The Mansion	A group of students celebrates New Year's at a remote Belgian estate, where their substance-fueled revelry soon descends into a bloodstained nightmare.
Coco y Raulito: Carrusel de ternura	A study in contrasts, comedy partners and good friends Coco Celis and Raúl Meneses alternate separate stand-up sets for double the laughs.
El Chapo	"This drama series chronicles the true story of the rise, capture and escape of notorious Mexican drug lord Joaquín ""El Chapo"" Guzmán."
Extinction	Plagued by dreams of an alien invasion, a family man faces his worst nightmare when an extraterrestrial force begins exterminating Earth's inhabitants.
Smoking	Seeking a greater justice, a band of homeless assassins flays their human targets and delivers the tattooed skins as proof of a contract fulfilled.
The Bleeding Edge	This eye-opening look at the fast-growing medical device industry reveals how the rush to innovate can lead to devastating consequences for patients.
Welcome to the Family	When an evicted single mom's estranged father dies, she and his second wife cover up his death after learning they've been written out of his will.
Amy	Rare home videos and interviews with Amy Winehouse's inner circle offer an intimate look at her journey from charismatic teen to troubled star.
Barely Lethal	A girl raised to be a government assassin just wants to be a normal teen – so she runs away and pretends to be a high school exchange student.
Dark Places	Years after surviving a brutal crime as a child, Libby Day comes to believe that the brother she testified against for committing it may be innocent.
Ex Machina	A coder at a tech company wins a week-long retreat at the compound of his company's CEO, where he's tasked with testing a new artificial intelligence.
Man of Tai Chi	In this kung fu tale set in Beijing, a young man armed with incomparable martial arts skills gets embroiled in the world of underground fight clubs.
Mississippi Grind	A gambler mired in debt thinks another cardsharp may just be his good luck charm as the two head for New Orleans to buy into a high-stakes poker game.
Mojave	A lethal game of cat and mouse stretches from the desert to Tinseltown after Hollywood bad boy Thomas runs afoul of a cunning and dangerous drifter.
Pahuyut Fighting Beat	When profit-seekers threaten to take over a bar in a tourist town, local martial artists put their skills to the test and fight back.
Remember	Following the written instructions of his friend, senile Zev crosses the country to find and murder the Nazi who killed their families in Auschwitz.
Slow West	Determined to find the woman he loves, a Scottish teenager braves the Western frontier of 19th-century America, with bounty hunters hot on his trail.
The End of the Tour	"""Rolling Stone"" reporter David Lipsky shadows famed writer David Foster Wallace in this fictionalized account of their revealing five-day encounter."
Bang Rajan 2	A small but fierce group of resistance fighters engages in a brutal battle to protect their village from an army of Burmese invaders.
My True Friend	A bullied student forms a bond with the leader of a youth gang and discovers the power and meaning of true friendship.
Oh My Ghost	A group of friends encounters a folk spirit in their apartment, and their harebrained attempts to banish the ghost soon backfire.
Oh My Ghost 2	The spirited trio are back to take on a new ghost-busting adventure at a mens' residence, where spooky secrets lurk around every corner.
Oh My Ghost 4	Ghosts wreak havoc at the old school, and a student communicates with the spirit while the team reckons with a power struggle.
Parmanu: The Story of Pokhran	A dedicated government official puts his career in jeopardy by insisting that India become a nuclear power, a goal that powerful forces resist.
The Holy Man	Formerly a troubled youth, a monk is given charge of a Buddhist temple neglected by superstitious villagers under the spell of a fake psychic.
Train of the Dead	Five teenagers on the lam hide out in an empty train. Little do they realize that the train is inhabited by ghosts on their way to final judgment.
Waterschool	Six young women, who each live near one of Earth's major rivers, share how the Waterschool environmental education program has impacted their lives.
Iliza Shlesinger: Elder Millennial	Newly engaged comic Iliza Shlesinger dives into undeniable truths about life at age 35, the insanity of the road traveled and what's to come.
The Warning	After his friend is shot, Jon finds a mathematical pattern behind deaths that occurred at the same location and sets out to warn the next young victim.
Tusk	When a wise-guy podcaster interviews a disabled seafarer, he decides to embark on a transformational quest to track down a dangerous walrus-monster.
The Devil and Father Amorth	"In Rome, ""Exorcist"" director William Friedkin follows a 91-year-old priest who performs a real demonic exorcism on a woman from a small Italian town."
A Most Violent Year	Abel Morales tries to avoid corruption's easy path as he pursues the American Dream amid an increasingly violent business war in 1981 New York City.
Bolt	This tale follows German shepherd Bolt, a canine actor who makes a cross-country trek when he's mistakenly shipped from Hollywood to New York City.
Life After Beth	Following the death of his beloved girlfriend, Beth, Zach is first shattered and then overjoyed when she inexplicably comes back to life.
Revenge of the Green Dragons	In gritty 1980s New York, two Chinese immigrant boys rise through the ranks of the infamous Green Dragons gang, where they're trained to kill.
Amazing Interiors	Meet eccentric homeowners whose seemingly ordinary spaces are full of surprises, from a backyard roller coaster to an indoor aquarium.
Dark Tourist	From a nuclear lake to a haunted forest, journalist David Farrier visits unusual – and often macabre – tourism spots around the world.
Deep Undercover Collection	"Former FBI agent Joe Pistone, the real-life ""Donnie Brasco,"" hosts this series that reveals the true stories of undercover crime-fighting operations."
Duck Duck Goose	As his flock's annual migration nears, a carefree goose is grounded with an injury and takes a pair of lost ducklings under his wing.
Father of the Year	A drunken debate between two recent college grads about whose father would win in a fight leads to mayhem when their dads take the challenge seriously.
Fix It and Finish It	A team of skilled contractors and designers hosted by Antonio Sabato Jr. renovates houses, cabins and even RVs, transforming properties in one day.
Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh	A misfit alien named Oh moves in with Tip and her family, in a series that picks up the dynamic duo's adventures where the hit film left off.
Jimmy: The True Story of a True Idiot	In the 1980s, a simple-minded fool named Hideaki meets comedy legend Sanma, changes his name to Jimmy and becomes a comedic superstar.
Luna Petunia: Return to Amazia	Luna Petunia returns to magical Amazia, adding memories to her scrapbook with old friends – and a new pal from the Animal Empire.
Nothing to Lose	This biographical drama traces the rise to fame of controversial Brazilian evangelical leader and business titan Edir Macedo.
Origins Collection	This documentary series explores the stories behind history's most fascinating innovations, including games, technology, sports, medicine and more.
The Captive	Eight years after their daughter's abduction tore them apart, her parents receive enigmatic clues from the kidnapper hinting that she's still alive.
Can't Cope, Won't Cope	In Dublin, friends Aisling and Danielle must come to terms with adulthood when their millennial hijinks and hangovers begin to wear off.
El club de los buenos infieles	Four childhood buddies in passionless marriages try a counterintuitive idea: a secret club for men who want to cheat – to regain lust for their wives.
Katt Williams: Live	Outspoken comedian Katt Williams pokes fun at a variety of topics, including sex, relationships, parenthood and trying to make it as an entertainer.
Obvious Child	After being fired from her job and dumped by her cheating boyfriend, a comedian has a one-night stand. Weeks later, she finds out she's pregnant.
Room	Kidnapped, confined to a tiny room and raped, a young woman gives birth to a son. When he reaches his fifth birthday, she begins plotting an escape.
Say When	Desperately clinging to her youth, 28-year-old Megan tells her boyfriend she's attending a career seminar but hangs out with a teenage friend instead.
Son of a Gun	A young petty thief who received protection from a notorious inmate in jail is forced to spring his defender from prison and help pull off a heist.
The Rover	Set in a chaotic future, this Outback saga follows loner Eric's brutal ordeal when a criminal gang takes his car and leaves him nowhere with nothing.
The Stranger	A Nazi fugitive hiding in Connecticut tries to keep his identity hidden from his naïve new wife while a dogged investigator pursues him relentlessly.
Camarón Revolution	The extraordinary life and career of flamenco legend Camarón de la Isla is covered in this sweeping biography series.
Camarón: The Film	This documentary looks back on the life of legendary flamenco singer Camarón, who went from humble roots to rock star status to a tragic early death.
GODZILLA City on the Edge of Battle	On Earth, Haruo and his companions make contact with the indigenous Houtua tribe. To defeat Godzilla, they set out for the old Mechagodzilla facility.
Mary and the Witch's Flower	Ordinary girl Mary picks an extraordinary flower and travels to Endor College, a school for magic. But its foremost teachers have a sinister plan.
A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III	When his girlfriend walks out and leaves him a wreck, a graphic designer – who seemed to have it all – sets out to discover where he went wrong.
Enemy	When a humdrum academic spots his double in a movie, he launches a search that leads him to a small-time actor who looks exactly like him.
Esperando La Carroza	Cora has three sons and a daughter and she´s almost 80. One day during a family reunion the big question comes up: who will be her heir?
Froning: The Fittest Man in History	Follow the grueling training regimen of Rich Froning Jr. as he sets his sights on winning an unprecedented fourth CrossFit Games title.
Ginger & Rosa	With the Cold War looming over them, teen best pals Ginger and Rosa share everything in early 1960s London – until betrayal drives them apart.
Going for Gold	After moving to Australia, an American teen convinces her new friends to form a cheer squad and take on their biggest rivals in competition.
Locke	Over the space of 90 minutes, Ivan Locke's life spins out of control via a series of phone calls made while he drives down the highway to London.
Lucha: Playing the Impossible	"Known simply as ""Lucha,"" field hockey player Luciana Aymar shares her tumultuous and triumphant journey to become the best in the world."
Spring Breakers	After four college girls rob a restaurant to fund their spring break in Florida, they get entangled with a weird dude with his own criminal agenda.
Stray Bullet	In 2014,12-year-old Genesis Rincon was fatally shot while riding her scooter. Those linked to the tragedy reflect on justice and the cycle of violence.
Tahaan	After his family's donkey is confiscated by a moneylender, 8-year-old Tahaan travels across conflict-torn Kashmir to find his beloved pet.
Tango Feroz	One of the first rock stars in Argentina, Tango leads a full life during an era of social unrest – one of both glory and despair.
Temporada de Caza	Animosity gives way to love and forgiveness when an angry teenager reunites with his estranged biological father in the wilds of Patagonia.
The Adderall Diaries	Author Stephen Elliott has a problem separating his own life from incidents in the life of a convicted murderer about whom he's writing a book.
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale	Trending news, pop culture, social media, original sketches and more come together in host Joel McHale's new weekly comedy commentary show.
The Spectacular Now	Classmates Aimee and Sutter form an unlikely friendship, and after helping Aimee raise her social confidence, Sutter begins falling for his creation.
Under The Skin	A seductive alien prowls the streets in search of prey: unsuspecting men who fall under her spell, only to be consumed by a strange liquid pool.
Blood & Treasures	Condemned by a centuries-old vow to protect her kingdom's treasures, an embittered spirit returns to seek justice against the man who wronged her.
Colonia	When her boyfriend is caught up in a Chilean coup, a young woman tries to free him from a prison camp posing as a commune by joining it voluntarily.
Meteor Garden	Dong Shancai is determined to excel at her dream university, where she encounters an elite clique of dashing, popular high-achievers – and finds love.
Fatal Destiny	A young man from a humble family is drawn into a life of crime – and soon confronts a determined cop in hot pursuit.
How It Ends	When a mysterious disaster turns the country into a war zone, a young lawyer heads west with his future father-in-law to find his pregnant fiancée.
Jim Jefferies: This Is Me Now	"The gleefully irreverent Jefferies skewers ""grabby"" celebrities, political hypocrisy and his own ill-advised career moves in a brash stand-up special."
Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain	"Philadelphia funnyman Kevin Hart takes the stage in front of a sold-out crowd at Madison Square Garden, part of his hit ""Let Me Explain"" world tour."
Romina	A shocking assault inspires horrific violence when a group of teens encounters a girl from their school while camping in a remote spot.
The Signal	During their drive across the country, college pals Nick and Jonah – accompanied by Nick's girlfriend – run into major trouble in the Nevada desert.
Mossad 101	Cadets from every level of Israeli society undergo intense training to join their country's elite, highly classified intelligence service, the Mossad.
Us and Them	"Tired of his lot in life, an angry young man persuades two of his pub buddies to record a home invasion as a protest against the ""one percent""."
Baby Ballroom	Step into the cutthroat world of kids' ballroom dancing, where ambitious instructors, proud parents and pint-sized performers waltz to win.
Drug Lords	Witness the stories of history's most notorious kingpins, their terrifying enforcers, and the men and women who've sworn to bring them down.
Mr. Sunshine	A young boy who ends up in the U.S. after the 1871 Shinmiyangyo incident returns to Korea at a historical turning point and falls for a noblewoman.
100 Days Of Solitude	Spanish photographer José Díaz spends 100 days living alone on a remote mountain, connecting to nature and documenting the beauty of his surroundings.
Anne with an E	"A plucky orphan whose passions run deep finds an unlikely home with a spinster and her soft-spoken bachelor brother. Based on ""Anne of Green Gables."""
First Team: Juventus	Follow renowned soccer club Juventus on and off the pitch as they attempt to win a seventh straight Italian title and achieve Champions League glory.
Luciano Mellera: Infantiloide	Argentina's Luciano Mellera emphasizes the humorous and fantastical aspects of childhood through comedic impersonations and insights on daily life.
Somebody Feed Phil	"""Everybody Loves Raymond"" creator Phil Rosenthal travels the globe to take in the local cuisine and culture of Bangkok, Lisbon, Mexico City and more."
The Legacy of a Whitetail Deer Hunter	A star of hunting videos strives to bond with his 12-year-old son on a wilderness trip but learns familial connections can't be forced.
The Skin of the Wolf	An animal trapper living in an abandoned mountain town in northern Spain seeks to resolve his loneliness by securing a wife.
White Fang	A loyal wolfdog's curiosity leads him on the adventure of a lifetime while serving a series of three distinctly different masters.
Blue Valentine	As Cindy and Dean muddle through their languishing marriage, they hearken back to the golden days when life was filled with possibility and romance.
Dharmakshetra	After the ancient Great War, the god Chitragupta oversees a trial to determine who were the battle's true heroes and villains.
Raja Rasoi Aur Anya Kahaniyan	Explore the history and flavors of regional Indian cuisine, from traditional Kashmiri feasts to the vegetarian dishes of Gujarat.
Stories by Rabindranath Tagore	The writings of Nobel Prize winner Rabindranath Tagore come to life in this collection of tales set in early-20th-century Bengal.
Sommore: Chandelier Status	Luminous funnywoman Sommore wows Miami with her unique take on body modification, Internet sex, the world of celebrities and more.
All the Boys Love Mandy Lane	During a weekend excursion to a secluded ranch, an unwelcome visitor begins picking off the randy admirers of teenage temptress Mandy Lane.
Felipe Esparza: They're Not Going to Laugh at You	"""Last Comic Standing"" winner Felipe Esparza runs riot in his first comedy special with his wry comments on life as a wild man from East Los Angeles."
Joan Rivers: Don't Start with Me	At 78, Joan Rivers has no interest in slowing down, and no one's immune from her caustic barbs in this stand-up special.
Katt Williams: Kattpacalypse	Urban comic Katt Williams ushers in Kattpacalypse, exploding with more energy than an atomic bomb and riffing on everything from Doomsday to Obama.
Dance Academy: The Comeback	In this adaptation of the TV series, Tara recovers from injury and pursues a career in the U.S., where she grapples with love and professional rejection.
King of Peking	Strapped for cash, a traveling projectionist begins to run a DVD pirating business, putting him at odds with his young, skeptical son.
Angamaly Diaries	After growing up amidst the gang wars of his hometown, Vincent forms an entrepreneurial squad of his own and ends up on the wrong side of the law.
Anthony Kaun Hai?	A forger uses a fake identity in trying to retrieve stolen diamonds buried in a penitentiary, unaware a mob assassin is on the trail of his phony alias.
Bo Burnham: what.	Left brain and right brain duke it out – and ultimately belt out a melody – in stand-up comedian Bo Burnham's quick and clever one-man show.
Cappuccino	Richi is a director of commercials whose computer memory drive is accidentally switched with that of Sneha, a woman he soon falls in love with.
Chalte Chalte	Priya and Raj are polar opposites. Raj is brash and earthy, while Pirya is sophisticated and something of a perfectionist in all she does. They really are like oil and water, but nonetheless, they dare to fall in love.
Chicken Kokkachi	In the wake of his sister's marriage, a young middle-class man leaves his village and learns that supporting one's self is easier said than done.
Comedy High School	Featuring goofy sketches and celebrity appearances, this offbeat stage show follows an assortment of oddball characters at an eccentric high school.
Counterfeiting in Suburbia	Two teenagers print counterfeit money in their high school art room, but things go terribly wrong when their debt-ridden teacher becomes suspicious.
Daffedar	A retired government worker continues to dedicate himself to public service, but his principled ways soon clash with those of his extravagant sons.
Deewana Main Deewana	A man's instant attraction to a woman becomes an obsession as he adopts a friend's identity and even commits murder in order to get closer to her.
Dream Big: Engineering Our World	Narrated by Jeff Bridges, this compelling documentary examines some incredible achievements of engineering from across the globe.
Duck Butter	Wary of dishonesty in relationships, two young women embark on a 24-hour experiment on intimacy, but their romance flounders as the clock winds down.
Gemini	Despite growing up with traits that set her apart from her peers, a young adopted girl discovers her gift when she takes an interest in spelling bees.
I Am Kalam	An intelligent boy born into poverty befriends the son of a once noble family and is inspired by the life of India's president to pursue an education.
Kaviyude Osyath	When a late poet leaves behind his property to a young man, the man's brother suspects the poet may have been more than just a family friend.
Loving Annabelle	An esteemed young poetry teacher at a Catholic boarding school risks everything when she engages in a feverish affair with a female student.
Ma Chu Ka	The relationship between a journalist and a lawyer she meets while investigating a story grows complicated as she uncovers layers of deception.
Melvin Goes to Dinner	When Melvin and his friends gather for dinner, their casual conversation takes a sharp turn as they begin to disclose raw truths about themselves.
My Birthday Song	After a wild night of impulse and infidelity, advertising executive Rajiv Kaul must navigate the blurred lines between life, death, fact and fiction.
Namastey London	"To her Indian parents' dismay, London-born Jasmeet ""Jazz"" Malhotra longs for everything Western, including her British boyfriend. On a family trip to India, her father arranges Jazz's nuptials to Arjun Ballu Singh, who's smitten with his new bride."
NCIS	Follow the quirky agents of the NCIS – the Naval Criminal Investigative Service – as they track down terrorists and other high-profile criminals.
Our Shining Days	In a battle of the bands, a percussions student and her musical kindred spirits set out to prove the merits of Chinese folk against the Western canon.
Paathi	A face painter for Theyyam rituals who is himself disfigured conceals his guilt over the fact that he performs abortions as a medical practitioner.
Pareeth Pandaari	As the parents of three unmarried daughters, a humble cook and his wife contend with the challenges of matchmaking and social expectations.
Paulettante Veedu	A wealthy businessman's miserly habits cause no small amount of stress and embarrassment to his family, particularly his daughter.
Paying Guests	Desperate for a place to live, twentysomething bachelors Parikshit, Jayesh, Parag and Bhavesh finally locate a house to rent, only to learn that the landlords will consider married applicants only.
Sarvopari Palakkaran	In the course of a human trafficking investigation, a conservative cop crosses paths with an artist-activist in a clash of worldviews.
Secret	Enchanted by a pretty pianist and the haunting melody she plays, a musical prodigy falls in love. But a secret soon threatens to derail their romance.
Socha Na Tha	An arranged marriage becomes a friendship for Viren and Aditi, who aren't in love – until they begin having unexpected feelings for each other.
Soul Robbers	During Mexico's War of Independence, a group of men face unimaginable horrors when they attempt to steal from the seemingly helpless Cordero sisters.
The Feels	During their bachelorette weekend, a lesbian couple's relationship hits a snag when one of the brides confesses to never having an orgasm.
The Music of Silence	Based on the autobiography by tenor Andrea Bocelli, this musical biopic chronicles his life from his bumpy childhood to his meteoric rise to fame.
The Redeemed and the Dominant: Fittest on Earth	Questions about endurance, doping and overall toughness surround a group of elite athletes as they compete fiercely at the Reebok Crossfit Games.
Theeram	An auto rickshaw driver harbors a deep affection for a young woman, but his troubled past threatens to stand between them.
Traitor	An FBI agent assigned to pursue an ex-Special Ops soldier who joined a terrorist organization begins to question his target's true intentions.
Tum Milo Toh Sahi	An astute but old-fashioned law clerk steps up to help the owner of a cafe in a legal battle that has both business and personal ramifications.
Viswasapoorvam Mansoor	When a mother and her daughter arrive to stay in his home in Kerala, a young Muslim man becomes torn between love, faith and clashing political views.
We, the Marines	Narrated by actor and former Marine Gene Hackman, this documentary showcases the experience of becoming a member of the US Marine Corps.
What a Wonderful Family!	In a large family living under one roof, a storm brews when the matriarch requests a divorce from her husband on their 50th anniversary.
What We Started	DJs and industry insiders offer a backstage pass to the world of electronic dance music, reflecting on its radical origins and the future of the genre.
Zoo	A drug dealer starts having doubts about his trade as his brother, his client, and two rappers from the slums each battle their own secret addictions.
Bill Burr: You People Are All the Same	Funnyman Bill Burr takes the stage to uncork a profanity-laced, incisive routine that pokes fun at plastic surgery, reality TV, gold diggers and more.
Hormones	High school students in Bangkok wrestle with issues such as sex, teen pregnancy, drugs, school violence, family turmoil and more in this Thai drama.
Mohawk	During the War of 1812, two Native Americans and their British ally are pursued into enemy territory by American soldiers thirsting for revenge.
Somewhere Between	A local news producer is given one chance to relive a deadly week and stop a serial killer. If she fails, she'll lose her daughter forever.
The Maus	While traveling with her German boyfriend, Selma is confronted by the violent remnants of the Bosnian War and the ethnic cleansing her family faced.
Calibre	Two lifelong friends on a hunting trip in Scotland find their nerves – and their morals – ruthlessly tested after a harrowing turn of events.
Churchill’s Secret Agents: The New Recruits	In this history-steeped reality series, 14 contestants undergo the same rigorous four-day selection process as Britain's top-secret World War II spies.
Jani Dueñas: Grandes fracasos de ayer y hoy	Chilean comedian and personality Jani Dueñas pours out her feelings on issues that are all too universal, from aging to dieting to sex.
Kiss Me First	A lonely young woman hooked on a virtual reality game befriends a party girl who leads her into a world of new thrills and dark secrets.
Los 10 años de Peter Capusotto	Fictional personality Peter Capusotto parodies Argentine culture and rock music in a series of humorous sketches with recurring characters.
Penalty Kick	Convinced Mexico will lose the World Cup qualifier without him, a soccer superfan faces an impossible choice when family obligations stand in his way.
Recovery Boys	In a region ravaged by opioid abuse, four young men in a farming-based rehab forge a bond as they try to reinvent their lives after years of addiction.
TAU	Kidnapped by an inventor who uses her as a test subject to perfect his robotic AI, a street-smart young woman tries to escape her high-tech prison.
The Forest	When a teen girl disappears from a village near the Ardennes Forest, local police and a concerned teacher begin to uncover a web of unsettling secrets.
Birthmarked	"In an attempt to settle the ""nature vs. nurture"" debate, a scientist couple raises three children to live lives that defy their genetic dispositions."
Skydancers	Only a few women pilots take part in the sport of aerobatics. Director Fredric Lean captures their powerful spirit at the World Aerobatic Championships.
Hotel Transylvania	"With her dad away, Mavis is so ready for adventure – if strict Aunt Lydia doesn't stop her first. Set four years before the ""Hotel Transylvania"" film."
Star Wars: Episode VIII: The Last Jedi	As the remnants of the Resistance flee Kylo Ren and the First Order, Rey seeks out Luke Skywalker – but he wants nothing more to do with the Force.
W. Kamau Bell: Private School Negro	"Comedian W. Kamau Bell muses on parenting in the Trump era, ""free speech"" dustups, woke children's TV and his fear of going off the grid."
Borges	Left deeply in debt after their boss flees the country, four import company employees start producing online video content to keep themselves afloat.
Expelled from Paradise	"In the wake of a global catastrophe, the human survivors are ""uploaded"" into a cyber network, but someone or something is infiltrating the system."
To Each, Her Own	Just as Simone works up the courage to tell her conservative Jewish family she's a lesbian, she finds herself attracted to a male Senegalese chef.
Hungerford	While filming his daily life for a media course, Cowen discovers his small English town may be under an ominous and otherworldly influence.
Life Sentence	"Cured of what she thought was terminal cancer, Stella Abbott faces a slew of experiences – good and bad – resulting from years of ""living for today."""
Tarzan	After being shipwrecked off the African coast, a lone child grows up in the wild, and is destined to become lord of the jungle.
The Darkest Dawn	An aspiring filmmaker records the chaos of an alien invasion while struggling to stay alive with her sister and a bickering band of survivors.
Yoko	Friends Mai, Oto and Vik's games at the park become magical adventures, thanks to Yoko, who can turn playgrounds into spaceships and camping sites.
Yoko and His Friends	Vik meets new friends in a new city, where they go on exciting adventures together with a magical being. But soon, his family must move again.
Brain on Fire	Stricken with seizures, psychosis and memory loss, a young New York Post reporter visits doctor after doctor in search of an elusive diagnosis.
Cooking on High	In the first-ever competitive cannabis cooking show, two chefs prepare mouthwatering marijuana-infused dishes for a panel of very chill celeb judges.
Derren Brown: Miracle	"Illusionist Derren Brown reinvents the concept of ""faith healing” through a series of stunts that debunk the confines of fear, pain and disbelief."
Heavy Rescue: 401	In the harshest weather, rookie and veteran heavy recovery operators fight to keep southern Ontario's busy, treacherous highways clear and safe.
Marvel's Luke Cage	A hoodie-wearing, unbreakable ex-con fights to clear his name and save his neighborhood. He wasn't looking for a fight, but the people need a hero.
Us and Them	Two strangers meet on a train and form a bond that evolves over the years. After a separation, they reconnect and reflect on their love for each other.
The Vietnam War: A Film by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick	Ken Burns presents an epic 10-part, 18-hour chronicle of the Vietnam War, featuring the soldiers, protesters, politicians and families that lived it.
Hannah Gadsby: Nanette	Australian comic Hannah Gadsby reshapes standard stand-up by pairing punchlines with personal revelations on gender, sexuality and childhood turmoil.
The Underwear	Virtual and real worlds collide as a group of teenagers who are grappling with matters of the heart cross paths in a cafe and on an anonymous website.
Club de Cuervos Presents: The Ballad of Hugo Sánchez	Chava Iglesias's doting personal assistant Hugo Sánchez is tasked with leading Club de Cuervos to victory in Nicaragua – if only his mom will let him.
Club Friday The Series 7	More confessional tales of love and heartbreak play out in this next installment of the popular Thai TV series based on a real-life call-in radio show.
Encerrados	This fictional series tells the stories of what happens to people when they feel caged in, whether physically, psychologically or emotionally.
Love Rhythms - Accidental Daddy	A successful DJ's bachelor lifestyle is upended by a young woman who claims to be his long lost daughter.
Chronicle of an Escape	Soccer goalie Claudio Tamburrini is kidnapped by the Argentine military. Several months later, he joins other prisoners in planning a daring escape.
LEGO House - Home of the Brick	In Billund, Denmark, a nearly 130,000-square-foot house is constructed with 25 million Lego bricks, capturing the awe of kids of all ages.
Lust Stories	"In the companion to 2013's ""Bombay Talkies,"" four short films by four of India's biggest directors explore love, sex and relationships in modern India."
Maktub	After surviving a bomb attack, two low-level mobsters in Jerusalem change their ways and set about making strangers' Wailing Wall prayers come true.
Pacificum: Return to the Ocean	Four scientists offer a sweeping yet intimate exploration of Peru's majestic coastline by land, sea and air.
Set It Up	In desperate need of a break from the office, two beleaguered assistants team up to trick their workaholic bosses into falling in love.
Sunday's Illness	Decades after being abandoned as a young child, Chiara finds her mother and asks her to spend 10 days together in a remote location.
The last hour	In this compelling true story, two Peruvian detectives go undercover to locate and capture the elusive leader of the Shining Path guerrilla army.
True: Magical Friends	The power of friendship can solve any problem – and the Rainbow Kingdom's got plenty to go around. Cue Bartleby and True for the rescue!
True: Wonderful Wishes	Do-gooding True and Bartleby will go anywhere to make wishes come true – from the bottom of the Living Sea to the tip of Mount Tippy Tippy Top!
Cutie and the Boxer	A 2014 Oscar nominee for Best Documentary Feature, this film explores the symbiotic relationship of artists Ushio and Noriko Shinohara.
A new Capitalism	Entrepreneurs worldwide explore alternatives to current capitalist structures, advocating for profitable businesses that also tackle social inequality.
My Daddy is in Heaven	After the sudden loss of her husband, a mother has a crisis of faith and struggles to keep her life together for the sake of her daughter and herself.
Alex Strangelove	High school senior Alex Truelove's plan to lose his virginity to lovable girlfriend Claire goes awry when he meets the equally lovable Elliot.
Ali's Wedding	After telling a white lie that spins out of control, the son of an Iraqi-born cleric in Melbourne becomes torn between family duty and his own heart.
Franco Escamilla: Por la anécdota	Mexican stand-up comedian Franco Escamilla draws his jokes from real-life experiences – and he's willing to do anything for new material.
Marcella	Her marriage just ended and she's returning to work as a London detective after 12 years away. Is the serial killer she once investigated back, too?
The Hollow	Three teens join forces to find a way home after waking up in a strange realm filled with magic portals, perplexing puzzles and vicious beasts.
The Staircase	Accident or murder? After the mysterious death of his wife, author Michael Peterson watches his life go under the microscope.
B.A. Pass	Orphaned and at loose ends, young Mukesh falls into the seductive orbit of married Sarika, who leads him ever deeper into a world of sex and betrayal.
The Night Shift	After returning from a dangerous tour of duty, an Army doctor finds that working the night shift at a San Antonio hospital can be treacherous, too.
YOM	With the mind of a human being, and the body of whichever animal he chooses to be, a young boy protects the world from danger.
Thor: Ragnarok	To save Asgard from a bloodthirsty goddess of death, the mighty Thor will have to battle his way to freedom and find a way back home.
Bangkok Bachelors	Three young men leading carefree bachelors’ lives in the city face the trials of true love when they meet three beautiful women.
The Lamb	A big-dreaming donkey escapes his menial existence and befriends some free-spirited animal pals in this imaginative retelling of the Nativity Story.
Dinosaur King	Aided by tablets found near a downed meteorite, Max, Rex and Zoe race the evil Alpha Gang as they travel the globe in search of living dinosaurs.
The King's Speech	In this biographical drama, Britain's King George VI struggles with an embarrassing stutter until he seeks help from speech therapist Lionel Logue.
B.A. Pass 2	A young woman eager to avoid an arranged marriage moves to Mumbai, where she learns hard truths about show business, life and love.
Bad Genius	A top student gets pulled into a cheating racket with increasingly higher risks and even higher rewards. But she may lose much more than she gains.
Bobbi Jene	This candid profile follows dancer Bobbi Jene Smith as she leaves the company of Israeli choreographer Ohad Naharin to forge her own artistic path.
Gabru: Hip Hop Revolution	Three young, aspiring Indian rappers make their way in a cutthroat music industry, dreaming of fame, stardom and ultimate hip-hop domination .
He Named Me Malala	This documentary tells the story of a teenage Pakistani girl shot for her advocacy of women's education, her survival, and her continued efforts.
Miracle	U.S. hockey coach Herb Brooks unites a motley crew of college athletes and turns them into a force to be reckoned with at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
National Treasure	Modern treasure hunters search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin.
Natsamrat - Asa Nat Hone Nahi	A veteran Shakespearean actor steps off the stage and into the painful tragedy of old age, facing ungrateful family and his fleeting legacy.
November 13: Attack on Paris	Survivors and first responders share personal stories of anguish, kindness and bravery that unfolded amid the Paris terror attacks of Nov. 13, 2015.
Outside In	After serving time for a crime he didn’t commit, a 38-year-old man forms a complicated, life-altering bond with the woman who advocated for his early release.
Pedal the World	Over the course of one memorable and adventure-filled year, Felix Starck documents his 18,000-kilometer bicycle journey across 22 countries.
Singularity	Nearly a century after artificial intelligence tried to eradicate people from Earth, two survivors search for a human enclave rumored to still exist.
The Sniffer	An extraordinary sense of smell gives a crime investigator unique insight into solving mysteries, but his gift takes a toll on his personal life.
Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story	An unearthed audio interview of Hollywood icon Hedy Lamarr reveals a woman with brains as well as beauty, who was the first to patent frequency hopping.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt	When a woman is rescued from a doomsday cult and lands in New York City, she must navigate a world she didn’t think even existed anymore.
Arrested Development	It's the Emmy-winning story of a wealthy family that lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together.
The Break with Michelle Wolf	Nobody's safe as Michelle Wolf unapologetically takes aim in this weekly topical show that blends sketches with live comedy and in-studio guests.
Sara's Notebook	A naive Madrid lawyer travels to Africa to search for her younger sister, who has gone missing in a part of Congo plagued by violence and strife.
Something in the Rain	Reunited with her best friend’s younger brother, who’s back from a stint abroad, a recently dumped career woman begins to see him in a new light.
Colours of Passion	Seeking inspiration, a young 19th-century painter finds a woman who is his love, his muse and his willing subject, but his work becomes controversial.
Fernando Sanjiao: Hombre	Argentine actor and comedian Fernando Sanjiao uses humor and impersonations to explore the concepts of masculinity and fatherhood in modern times.
Ibiza	When Harper is sent to Spain for an important work meeting, her hard-partying friends tag along and convince her to pursue a fling with a famous DJ.
Steve Martin and Martin Short: An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life	Longtime pals and showbiz icons Steve Martin and Martin Short share countless quips, catchy tunes and hilarious stories about their lives in comedy.
Trollhunters	After uncovering a mysterious amulet, an average teen assumes an unlikely destiny and sets out to save two worlds. Created by Guillermo del Toro.
Fauda	A top Israeli agent comes out of retirement to hunt for a Palestinian militant he thought he'd killed, setting a chaotic chain of events into motion.
Survivors Guide to Prison	Former inmates, officers and celebrities critique the U.S. prison system in this documentary packaged as a how-to handbook for the incarcerated.
Mob Psycho 100	There's an organization gathering espers for a nefarious purpose. Powerful psychic Mob, however, is just trying to be the protagonist of his own life.
Tig Notaro Happy To Be Here	Comedian Tig Notaro unleashes her inner prankster in a playful stand-up special packed with funny anecdotes, parenting confessions and more.
Jalpari: The Desert Mermaid	When they travel to their father's ancestral village, city kids expecting a natural paradise instead find a poor, dusty town that harbors secrets.
Scandal	A powerful team of Washington, D.C. lawyers makes scandals disappear while handling government crises and coping with problems of their own.
Small Town Crime	When a disgraced ex-cop discovers a dying woman, he's compelled to track down her killer – an act of self-redemption that takes him down a dark path.
Cargo	Amid a terrifying pandemic, a father searches the wilds of Australia for someone willing to protect and care for his infant daughter.
Catching Feelings	Amid growing tensions in their marriage, a Johannesburg professor and his journalist wife find their lives upended by a famous, hard-partying author.
Dance & Sing with True	True and her friends are making music – and they want you to dance and sing along. So cut loose, silly goose! These fun beats are totally sweet.
Inspector Gadget	Inspector Gadget is back and must face his old enemy, the evil Dr. Claw, who has reactivated MAD, his global crime syndicate.
Katt Williams: American Hustle (The Movie)	"An aspiring actor leaves Hollywood and takes to the road to do stand-up after he's cast in a series of increasingly stereotypical ""black"" roles."
'89	Mixing old footage with interviews, this is the story of Arsenal's improbable win versus Liverpool in the final moments of the 1989 championship game.
Action Replayy	Vipul Amrutlal Shah directs this sci-fi rom-com that stars Akshay Kumar and Aishwarya Rai as Kishen and Mala, a married couple who are so miserable, they inspire their son, Bunty, to go back in time and make his parents fall in love.
Andaz Apna Apna	Broke and with no concrete plans for the future, two young men discover that a stunning heiress lives nearby and try to charm her into marriage.
Food on the Go	Epicureans and experts trace the migration of Italian cuisine and its evolution in the Americas, delving into the ideas of origin, diaspora and heritage.
Aadu 2	When Shaji Pappan and his gang of goofy outlaws find themselves low on funds, they plan to once again win a hefty prize in a tug-of-war competition.
Aiyaary	When his protégé goes rogue and poses a grave threat to the government he serves, a veteran officer of the Indian Army tries to stop him at all costs.
Chalay Thay Saath	Beautiful and adventurous doctor Resham meets a handsome Chinese backpacker named Adam while traveling with friends on a journey of self-discovery.
Lupin the 3rd: The Castle of Cagliostro: Special Edition	Lupin, his sidekick, Jigen, and the samurai warrior Goemon set out to take over an evil counterfeit operation at Count Cagliostro's fortress.
Only God Forgives	When a cop kills the brother of an expat American gangster who runs a Bangkok fight club, his crime-boss mother flies in to supervise revenge.
Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas	This anime adventure follows the battle between a saint of Athena and an avatar of Hades who's working on a painting that could destroy the world.
Ali Wong: Hard Knock Wife	"Two years after the hit ""Baby Cobra,"" Ali Wong is back with another baby bump – and a torrent of hilarious truths about marriage and motherhood."
Spivak	Struggling writer Wally Spivak is stuck in a rut – until he meets an engaged couple and starts to see life in a whole new way.
Bill Nye Saves the World	Emmy-winning host Bill Nye brings experts and famous guests to his lab for a talk show exploring scientific issues that touch our lives.
Carlos Ballarta: Furia Ñera	Mexican comic Carlos Ballarta mocks himself and points out the absurdities of parenthood and how he uses his wife's pregnancies to avoid commitments.
Evil Genius	This baffling true crime story starts with the grisly death of a pizza man who robs a bank with a bomb around his neck – and gets weirder from there.
Ha Unlimited	Three comedians launch a company designed to spread happiness far and wide in this Thai sitcom packed with gags, sound effects and special guests.
The Kissing Booth	When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend.
The Who Was? Show	Fresh voices bring some of the most famous names in history to life. A live-action sketch comedy show based on the series of best-selling books.
Desolation	Along with her son and best friend, a grieving widow hikes into the woods to scatter her late husband's ashes, only to discover they're being stalked.
Hari Kondabolu: Warn Your Relatives	Hari Kondabolu breaks down identity politics, celebrity encounters, his mango obsession and more in an unpredictable stand-up comedy special.
Kaleidoscope	A quiet ex-con's tenuous grip on reality starts to slip when his manipulative mother brings out a part of him he hoped to leave behind.
City of God: 10 Years Later	"A decade after the seminal Brazilian film ""City of God,"" this documentary reunites some of the cast and crew to find out what paths their lives took."
My Fuhrer	Germany's most celebrated actor is commissioned by Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels to prepare the leader of the Third Reich to deliver a speech.
Prince Jai Aur Dumdaar Viru	A prince and a commoner who are best friends keep having to thwart the plots of the prince's scheming, ambitious minister.
Family Blood	A former addict moves to a new city with her children for a fresh start, but her struggle soon takes on an unexpected, supernatural dimension.
Miss Dynamite	Wealthy, beautiful Valentina falls in love, only to realize that her man and her family are involved with one of Mexico's most powerful drug cartels.
Pup Star: World Tour	Talented pooches from around the world compete to be the next Pup Star, but behind-the-scenes schemes threaten to ruin the fun.
A Little Help with Carol Burnett	Comedy icon Carol Burnett returns to TV with a panel of clever kids, who help adults and celebrity guests solve their problems with brutal honesty.
Anon	In a future where technology has rendered privacy obsolete, a detective investigates a serial assassin who has been deleted from all visual records.
Dany Boon: Des Hauts De France	In an eclectic one-man show, French superstar Dany Boon reflects on his homeland, his first comedy gig and the challenges of parenting hostile teens.
End Game	Facing an inevitable outcome, terminally ill patients meet extraordinary medical practitioners seeking to change our approach to life and death.
Forgive Us Our Debts	Threatened by creditors, a newly unemployed man agrees to work for a debt collector, but soon discovers his deal with the devil has unexpected costs.
Kong: King of the Apes	In 2050, an evil scientist is about to unleash an army of robotic dinosaurs. Now it's up to Kong and friends to fight back and save the day.
Lo más sencillo es complicarlo todo	When a 17-year-old learns the TV news host she pines for is engaged, she and her best friend launch an elaborate plan to prevent his marriage.
Manhunt	A Chinese pharmaceutical lawyer framed for a vile crime teams up with a sharp-witted Japanese detective to stop a dangerous corporate plot.
No Estoy Loca	A woman enters a quirky mental health clinic after attempting suicide upon finding out her husband is having an affair with her best friend.
Thi Mai	Along with her two friends, a determined woman travels to Vietnam to bring home the baby her recently deceased daughter had planned to adopt.
Si saben cómo me pongo ¿pá qué me invitan?	When four unhappy couples attend a spiritual retreat at a resort to try and solve their relationship troubles, shenanigans ensue.
Total Drama	Heartwarming moments are interspersed with backstabbing, scheming, sabotage and broken alliances in this animated spoof of reality show competitions.
Jailbreak	Four cops escorting a mobster to a high-security prison fight for survival when a gang boss orchestrates a riot from outside to silence their charge.
27, el club de los malditos	After a musician dies under suspicious circumstances, a hard-drinking detective and a music fan investigate why rock stars often die at the age of 27.
27: Gone Too Soon	Explore the circumstances surrounding the tragic deaths at 27 of Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Brian Jones, Janis Joplin, Kurt Cobain and Amy Winehouse.
Abhinetri	Due to family pressure, a corporate man reluctantly marries a woman from the village, but in their new home, she abruptly assumes a different persona.
Ajji	When her small granddaughter is sexually assaulted by a powerful man and no justice is served, a poor, frail old woman plots her violent revenge.
Anjaan: Special Crimes Unit	The cases are supernatural
Boys Over Flowers	Unassuming high school girl Jan-di stands up to – and eventually falls for – a spoiled rich kid who belongs to the school's most powerful clique.
CIA: Comrade in America	A young man in Kerala has two weeks to stop the woman he loves from a fixed marriage in the U.S., but he doesn't have the papers to get there.
Coffee for All	"In Naples, Buenos Aires and New York, people reflect on the Neapolitan tradition of ""suspended coffee"" and how it changed their lives."
Darc	To bring down a global human trafficking ring, an Interpol agent recruits the help of a brutal criminal with inside knowledge of the yakuza.
Despido Procedente	A Spaniard working in Argentina sees his life upended after accidentally giving bad directions to a passerby, who demands compensation for the error.
God's Own Country	In Yorkshire, a withdrawn gay farmer begins a torrid affair with a Romanian migrant worker who shows him the depths of his capacity for affection.
Gurgaon	When the daughter of a wealthy family returns from college, she gets a frosty welcome from her brother, who has problems – and plans – of his own.
Hombanna	In the forests of Karnataka, a farmer and his community face eviction from the land when they get caught in the currents of socio-political change.
Iris	Two friends' lives are changed forever when they are recruited by a top-secret organization tasked with protecting the country from foreign threats.
Jewel's Catch One	The story of famed L.A. nightclub Catch One and owner Jewel Thais-Williams, who defied all odds and provided a safe space for black LGBT communities.
John Mulaney: Kid Gorgeous at Radio City	John Mulaney relays stories from his childhood and “SNL,” eviscerates the value of college and laments getting older in this electric comedy special.
Khan: No. 1 Crime Hunter	From fake marriages to online shopping fraud, a whip-smart police officer investigates truly baffling cons that were inspired by true stories.
Le K Benzema	After a blackmailing scandal and being sidelined from the French national team, Real Madrid forward Karim Benzema tells his side of the story.
LoliRock	A teenager with a beautiful voice becomes a pop star but discovers she has powers that come from a magical realm where she's a lost princess.
Love Ni Bhavai	Not romantically inclined, a popular radio personality finds herself caught between two diametrically opposed suitors.
Love Rain	A story of two couples' journey of new love, loss and unexpected reunion spans decades, from the 1970s through present day.
Mere Papa Hero Hiralal	A simple auto-rickshaw driver on the streets of Lucknow, Hiralal Tiwari does everything he can to give his gravely ill daughter a happy life.
My Perfect Romance	Just in time for Valentine's Day, a program developer pitches a revolutionary dating algorithm to her new CEO, who volunteers them as guinea pigs.
Nibunan	With numbers written on a doll as their only clue, three officers of the law track down a psychotic killer, unearthing dark secrets along the way.
Onaatah	Seeking to heal after a traumatic assault, a young woman retreats to a small village by the hills, where she finds hope, love and new purpose.
Pocoyo & Cars	Pocoyo gears up for exciting car races and learns that friends, teamwork and imagination are what matter the most.
Pocoyo & The Space Circus	Acrobatic aliens arrive on spaceships and perform for everyone, but when angry aliens arrive as well, Pocoyo and his friends must now put on a show.
Pocoyo Carnival	To celebrate the carnival, everyone learns to dance to different music. Plus, Pocoyo's friends surprise him with something delicious.
Pocoyo Halloween: Space Halloween	Pocoyo and his friends have a costume contest to celebrate Halloween and learn new things about planets and stars in space.
Pocoyo Halloween: Spooky Movies	Pocoyo finds a special toy and plays new games with his friends, then they’re spooked by a scary box and try to find out who’s inside.
Pocoyo Special Sports	Everyone is getting excited for the games. Pocoyo plays baseball and golf, and races with his friends. Ready, set, go!
Queens of Comedy	Eight women perform in front of celebrity judges and compete for the title of India’s top female stand-up comedian.
Ringan	Desperate to save his land, an indebted farmer journeys to Pandharpur to seek divine blessing with his small son, who searches for his mother.
Roberto Saviano: Writing Under Police Protection	"Italian TV host Pif revisits Roberto Saviano, who's been living under protection since publishing ""Gomorrah,"" his exposé on organized crime in Naples."
Simon	With his vivid imagination, Simon the rabbit searches for fun while learning about the importance of responsibility and communication.
Sometimes	Seven strangers anxiously waiting for their HIV test results decide to bribe the clinic receptionist to get them early, learning one is positive.
Spiritual House	Psychic Hiroyuki Ehara leads various celebrities through spiritual consultations, probing into their issues and spotlighting their accomplishments.
Swami Baba Ramdev: The Untold Story	Born into poverty and denied an education, a village boy overcomes society’s obstacles to become India’s foremost spiritual guru, revered by millions.
The Carter Effect	Featuring eight-time NBA All-Star Vince Carter, this documentary takes an in-depth look at his impact on pop culture and the Canadian basketball scene.
The Clapper	A newcomer ekes out a living in LA as a professional audience member on infomercials, but life gets complicated when he's thrust into the spotlight.
Toc Toc	A group of patients with OCD wait for their flight-delayed doctor to arrive for their appointments, forcing them to endure each other's oddball quirks.
Tremors 6: A Cold Day in Hell	The subterranean, worm-like creatures are back, and Graboid-hunter Burt Gummer suspects they've been weaponized.
Waiting	While visiting his comatose wife in the hospital, a serene old professor befriends a vibrant young woman whose husband has also fallen into a coma.
Withdrawn	Unable to pay bills and unwilling to change his slacker lifestyle, twentysomething Aaron hatches a defrauding scheme when he finds a lost credit card.
Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V	"Now that he's discovered the Pendulum Summoning technique, Yuya's dream of becoming the greatest ""dueltainer"" is in reach – but it won't be easy!"
Babam ve Oğlum	Following Turkey's bloody coup of 1980, a widowed reporter returns to his Aegean hometown, bringing his son and a last wish for his estranged father.
Black Crows	This drama portrays women and kids living under the Islamic State group: a Yazidi slave, an undercover reporter, a recruited mom and child snipers.
Running Shaadi	A Bihari migrant runs a successful service to help couples elope, until the daughter of his former boss stirs the pot.
The Price of Success	Struggling to balance family ties and a career, a rising comedian of Parisian banlieue roots learns the true price of fame.
Bobby Kennedy for President	"Historic footage and leading voices of the era examine the ""Bobby Phenomenon"" of the 1960s and the legacy of the man who helped redefine the country."
Candy Jar	Dueling high school debate champs who are at odds on just about everything forge ahead with ambitious plans to get into the colleges of their dreams.
Dancing Angels	A group of aspiring young musicians yearn for stardom while navigating the ups and downs of friendship, romance, and life at school.
Goodnight DJ 1	Young radio announcers from varying backgrounds encounter the supernatural in mysterious dreams, accidents and everyday life.
Holy Goalie	A young priest coaches a team of uncoordinated monks in order to win a soccer tournament and save their monastery from being turned into a hotel.
Moving On	Family problems, relationship issues and professional challenges dog law graduate Melissa Chan following her return from London to Malaysia.
REA(L)OVE	A group of men and women, each burdened with a dark secret, look for love in this dating show with a twist. Hosted by reformed playboy Atsushi Tamura.
The New Legends of Monkey	A valiant girl liberates the Monkey King – a god long trapped in stone – in a quest to find seven sacred scrolls and save the world from evil.
The Rachel Divide	Rachel Dolezal, her family and her critics reckon with the aftermath of a national debate sparked by questions about her racial identity.
The Week Of	Two fathers with clashing views about their children's upcoming wedding struggle to keep it together during the chaotic week before the big day.
Trio and a Bed	After graduation, three women from distinct backgrounds find themselves in the real world, facing the challenges of work, romance and unexpected fame.
Enissa Amani: Ehrenwort	Live from Hamburg, Iranian-German comedian Enissa Amani shares her take on German engineering, tax deductions and online fan-mail etiquette.
Kickboxer: Retaliation	Sloan's vow to never return to Thailand is cut short when he's kidnapped and taken to a Thai prison, where he's forced to fight a 400-pound brute.
Bill Nye: Science Guy	The dynamic, bow-tied host behind the young adult science show faces climate-change skeptics as he demonstrates the importance of scientific evidence.
Fishtronaut: The Movie	Fishtronaut, Marina and Zeek travel to the big city in search of Grandpa, only to find that everyone else has mysteriously vanished too.
Psychokinesis	Suddenly possessed with supernatural powers, a father sets out to help his estranged daughter, who's at risk of losing everything she's lived for.
Kevin James: Never Don't Give Up	Kevin James makes his long-awaited return to stand-up in this family-friendly special, dishing on fatherhood, fans, his disdain for allergies and more.
The Magic Pill	Doctors, farmers, chefs and others weigh in on the controversial ketogenic diet and its potential to eradicate common illnesses.
A Love So Beautiful	The ups and downs of school, family and growing up test the affection between a budding artist and her handsome but indifferent classmate and neighbor.
Club Friday To Be Continued - Friend & Enemy	A love triangle spirals out of control, wreaking havoc on a couple's relationship and a friendship between two women.
Club Friday To Be Continued - The Promise	Two young lovers vow to stay friends through thick and thin, but separation tests their bond until fate allows them to reunite.
Dude	Four best friends navigate loss and major life changes – and smoke a lot of weed – during their last two weeks of high school.
Kodachrome	A record company exec joins his estranged dad, a famous photographer who's dying, on a road trip to the last lab still developing Kodachrome film.
Mercury 13	After rigorous testing in 1961, a small group of skilled female pilots are asked to step aside when only men are selected for spaceflight.
All The Reasons To Forget	A Brazilian man tries a myriad of ways to get over his breakup with his girlfriend but is surprised to learn it's more difficult than he anticipated.
Charité	At Berlin's Charité hospital in 1888, Ida finds romance, a path to her dream job and an inside look into cures for tuberculosis and diphtheria.
Chasing the Dragon	In corrupt, British-colonized Hong Kong, a mainland Chinese immigrant rises to the top of the city's drug underworld with the help of a notorious cop.
Friend Request	A popular college student's love of social media becomes her biggest regret when a mysterious account marks each of her friends for a grisly demise.
The Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog	"Hyper hedgehog Sonic and his cohort Miles ""Tails"" Prower defend the planet Mobius against Dr. Robotnik and his evil schemes in this animated series."
Murderous Affairs	Mixing interviews with dramatic re-enactments, this series focuses on lethal love affairs and spouses driven to murder.
The Chalet	Friends gathered at a remote chalet in the French Alps for a summer getaway are caught in a deadly trap as a dark secret from the past comes to light.
The Honeymoon Stand Up Special	Impending parenthood does funny things to Natasha Leggero and Moshe Kasher, who dissect family, relationships and more in a trio of stand-up specials.
Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant	When Darren Shan is taken to a circus that's chock-full of sideshow oddities, he meets a vampire and receives a life-changing bite on the neck.
Porto	In a coastal Portuguese city, an erotic encounter ensues between an American expat and a French student, resonating through their lives years later.
Beyond Skyline	In the wake of an extraterrestrial invasion, a suspended L.A. cop teams up with survivors to stop the onslaught and rescue human captives.
Eddie Murphy: Delirious	Flashing the wild stand-up comedy that made him a household name, Eddie Murphy unleashes uncensored observations and parodies in this 1983 live show.
Harriet the Spy: Blog Wars	Intrepid writer Harriet Welsch is determined to become the class blogger despite stiff competition from her snooty archrival.
Numero Zero. The Roots of Italian Rap	In the '90s, the explosive popularity of hip-hop music in Italy impacts the nation's character while creating a new kind of renegade artist.
Psiconautas	A Spanish con man masquerades as a therapist and starts leading group sessions in Argentina for a crew of gullible misfits.
The Minimighty Kids	Some have big feet or a sniffly nose, others are clumsy or too sweaty – but these kids soon discover their mini problems can become superpowers.
Nowhere Boy	Raised by his aunt since he was a young boy, charismatic John Lennon is suddenly reunited with his mother, Julia, which ignites a bitter battle.
Club Friday To Be Continued - My Beautiful Tomboy	A change in sexual identity complicates young Meen's relationships, while memories of a past romance remain fresh.
Come Sunday	A crisis of faith sets renowned fundamentalist preacher Carlton Pearson on a new spiritual path that jeopardizes everything he holds dear.
I Am not an Easy Man	A shameless chauvinist gets a taste of his own medicine when he wakes up in a world dominated by women and locks horns with a powerful female author.
Lost in Space	After crash-landing on an alien planet, the Robinson family fights against all odds to survive and escape. But they're surrounded by hidden dangers.
O-Negative, Love Can’t Be Designed	Five schoolmates who share a blood type navigate the vagaries of friendship, love and university life.
The Magic School Bus Rides Again	Ms. Frizzle's kid sister Fiona takes the wheel at Walkerville Elementary, leading the class on wild adventures packed with science-fueled fun.
Pickpockets	Aspiring teen thieves learn what it takes to be successful pickpockets on the streets of Bogotá from a master in the arts of trickery and deception.
Greg Davies: You Magnificent Beast	British comedian Greg Davies revisits terrifying dates, manscaping disasters, his father's pranks and more in a savagely funny stand-up special.
AMO	Despite the Philippine government's crackdown on narcotics, high schooler Joseph expands his drug running while his cop uncle profits from corruption.
The Tiger Hunter	It's 1979, and engineer Sami is excited to leave his Indian village for a job in Chicago. But he soon runs into problems achieving his American dream.
24 Hours to Live	Revived by an experimental procedure, a hit man gets to live an extra 24 hours – which he uses to avenge his dead wife and child and redeem himself.
6 Balloons	A loyal sister struggles to stay afloat while driving her heroin-addicted brother to a detox center and looking after his 2-year-old daughter.
Amateur	After he's recruited to an elite prep school, a 14-year-old basketball phenom is confronted by corruption and greed in amateur sports.
Orbiter 9	A woman who's been alone on a spaceship her whole life becomes enamored with an engineer who suddenly enters her life and upends her universe.
Ram Dass, Going Home	From his home on Maui, pioneering researcher, author and spiritual teacher Ram Dass reflects on love, life and death as his own days draw to a close.
Seth Rogen's Hilarity for Charity	Seth Rogen and friends combine stand-up, sketches and music for an outrageous comedy special that could only come from the mind of Seth.
Sun Dogs	Rejected by the Marines but eager to serve his country after 9/11, a simple-minded man performs amateur terrorist surveillance with a young runaway.
The 4th Company	In a violent prison in 1970s Mexico, a young inmate lands a spot on a football team that doubles as an enforcer squad for a corrupt administration.
Todo lo que sería Lucas Lauriente	"In his stand-up set, Argentine comic Lucas Lauriente animatedly rattles off reflections on different generations and begs kids to stop saying ""goals."""
Troy	Searching for the woman promised to him by Aphrodite, herdsman Paris learns his true identity and falls for Helen of Sparta, igniting the Trojan War.
Wakfu	Yugo, a 12-year-old Eliatrope with special powers, sets out on a mission to find his true family and uncover the mysteries of Wakfu.
Behind the Curtain: Todrick Hall	Follow singer and YouTube sensation Todrick Hall as he launches an original musical based on growing up gay in Texas and finding showbiz success.
Day of the Dead: Bloodline	A former medical student battles for survival against an evil human-zombie hybrid determined to destroy her, in this reimagining of the 1985 classic.
Ali Baba ve 7 Cüceler	A garden gnome vendor and his brother-in-law attend a trade fair in Sofia, where they accidentally stumble into shenanigans involving a mafia boss.
Aşk Tesadüfleri Sever	A series of coincidences brings two star-crossed lovers together, but fate pulls them apart until they encounter each other again in Istanbul.
Bir Baba Hindu	A Istanbul mobster falls for an Indian yoga instructor whose abduction takes him on a wild rescue mission to Mumbai.
Ekşi Elmalar	In an eastern Turkish town, suitors knock on the door of the mayor and father of three beautiful daughters who choose to follow their own paths.
Görümce	When his jealous sister plots to wreck his engagement, a young man does everything he can to protect his betrothed from her devious schemes.
Hadi İnşallah	A young woman recovering poorly from a bad romance gets a new lease on life after encountering a handsome man during a job interview.
Küçük Esnaf	As an honest locksmith scrambles to pay his late father's hefty debt to the mafia, he crosses paths with a woman in similar trouble and falls for her.
Monster Family	A family’s festive Halloween plans take a spooky turn when an evil witch's curse transforms the costumed clan into actual monsters.
Organize Isler	A gang leader recruits a suicidal Superman impersonator, while a woman driving a hot car linked to the gang plots revenge against them and their hero.
Pek Yakında	An ex-movie extra plans to win his wife back by making a fantasy film, but neither he nor his crew has a knack for filmmaking.
Fary Is the New Black	Armed with sly wit, a fresh outlook and plenty of style, French comedy star Fary veers from dating to stereotypes and beyond in this exclusive special.
Honey: Rise Up and Dance	Despite discouragement from her loved ones, a talented street dancer tries out for an exclusive dance crew in a bid to win a college scholarship.
Ittefaq	A homemaker and a writer are prime suspects – and the only witnesses – in a double murder, and it’s up to one detective to uncover the elusive truth.
La Piloto	Dreaming her whole life of becoming a pilot, Yolanda finds work as a flight attendant, unaware she'll soon be thrust into a drug smuggling operation.
Star Trek: The Next Generation	Decades after the adventures of the original Enterprise crew, Capt. Jean-Luc Picard leads a new Enterprise on missions to explore unknown worlds.
A Billion Colour Story	The curious child of idealistic interfaith parents observes an increasingly intolerant world as his family faces financial strain.
A Dangerous Woman	At the center of this engrossing melodrama is a Golden Globe-nominated turn by Debra Winger, who plays a sheltered, slow-witted woman living with her widowed Aunt Frances while working at a dry cleaners.
A Sort of Family	An Argentine doctor faces legal and ethical challenges when she travels to the countryside to pick up the infant she has been waiting to adopt.
An American Tail	Fievel, a young Russian mouse, immigrates to America and must make his own way in the strange and sometimes perilous new world.
An American Tail: Fievel Goes West	Fievel and his family head west for what turns out to be a wild adventure. Deep in cowboy country, the intrepid mouse faces down a nasty feline.
An American Tail: The Mystery of the Night Monster	When a monster goes on a mouse-napping spree in New York, Fievel and his friends help a reporter get to the bottom of the mystery.
An American Tail: The Treasures of Manhattan Island	When Fievel and friends go hunting for buried treasure beneath the ruins of an old subway tunnel, they stumble onto something surprising.
Balto	Balto, who is half wolf and half dog, endures the taunts of disapproving humans as he guides a precious cargo of medicine through the Alaskan winter.
Balto 2: Wolf Quest	Half-dog, half-wolf Balto (voiced by Maurice LaMarche) and his wife proudly put their pups up for adoption to humans, but when nobody takes daughter Aleu because she looks too much like a wolf, she runs away to search for her place in the world.
Balto 3: Wings of Change	A pilot challenges Balto's son Kodi and his sled team to see who can deliver the mail faster, but the dogs race to the rescue when the plane vanishes.
Barsaat	A naïve young man and a rich city girl fall in love. Her stepfather, however, doesn't approve of the match and will stop at nothing to split the pair.
Bh Se Bhade	A kind-hearted insurance agent has the mysterious power to temporarily shoulder the problems and pain of others, with comic results in his own life.
Big Time	In this documentary, architect Bjarke Ingels offers his vision for 2 World Trade Center as he aims to restore Manhattan's skyline to its former glory.
Billu	An Indian village is abuzz with news that a major movie star is coming to town – even more so because the town barber went to school with him. But as the day of the actor's visit approaches, the humble barber begins to worry he won't be recognized.
Buddha	In this historical drama series, young Prince Siddhartha undergoes an intense spiritual journey that eventually transforms him into the Buddha.
Class of '61	As the Civil War looms, a runaway slave seeks freedom, and West Point cadets find their camaraderie shattered as they choose between North or South.
Dad	Family bonds are revived after a father is diagnosed with cancer in this bittersweet drama. Dutiful son John cares for his aging father, Jake, but not without complaint.
Dagh Ujala	A lesbian daughter fights off an arranged marriage in India while an Islamic fundamentalist targets an anti-extremist Muslim scholar in New York.
Dare to Be Wild	Irish landscape designer Mary Reynolds fights to bring her wild and unconventional style to the esteemed Chelsea Flower Show.
Dil Hai Tumhaara	The sophisticated son of a powerful businessman falls for a simple, free-spirited girl whose older sister is in love with him.
Ethirmarai	While investigating a brutal string of deaths, a detective begins to suspect that mind control may have played a part in the murders.
Fallet	A Swedish detective and her timid British colleague's attempt to solve a gruesome murder case nets mixed results and miscommunication.
Fishpeople	In this exploration of the life-changing power of the ocean, six people from very different backgrounds find purpose and meaning in the sea.
Gringo: The Dangerous Life of John McAfee	Tech tycoon John McAfee made millions from his anti-virus software. Now, he may be best known for his bizarre and scandalous lifestyle.
How to Make an American Quilt	A conflicted young woman spends the summer with her grandmother, her great-aunt and their quilting circle, whose life stories captivate her.
Influx	Italians in London reveal the ups and downs of immigration and touch upon their uneasiness about leaving behind their crisis-ridden homeland.
John Mulaney: New in Town	Stand-up comedian John Mulaney tackles such red-hot topics as quicksand, Motown singers and an elderly man he once met in a bathroom.
Kya Kehna	A young university student's world is shaken after her brief involvement with a wealthy playboy results in her pregnancy.
Lady, la vendedora de rosas	This series tells the life story of Colombian film star Lady Tabares, who was plucked off the mean streets to star in a film and quickly rose to fame.
Loaded	Four friends become overnight millionaires after selling their video game start-up. But their newfound status tests their friendship and resolve.
Locked Up	After getting in a fight at her school in Southeast Asia, an American teen is sent to a correctional facility, where she faces hard labor and abuse.
Main Hoon Na	Major Ram Prasad Sharma yearns to see project Mission Milaap come to fruition and usher in an era of peace between two warring countries. But the evil Raghavan will do anything to stop the peace process.
Mandobasar Galpo	With the assistance of a psychiatrist, an acclaimed filmmaker struggles to come to terms with a mysterious romantic trauma.
Metro	Disgusted by the gold-chain snatchers in his home city of Chennai, a man vows to combat the criminal menace by taking the law into his own hands.
Om Shanti Om	Reincarnated 30 years after being killed in a suspicious on-set fire, a small-time actor is determined to punish the person who ignited the blaze.
Paheli	Traditional Indian folklore comes alive in this charming film based on a story by Statwart Vijaydan Detha.
Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani	In this Bollywood entertainment, two journalists, Ajay and Ria, work for rival TV stations and compete heavily to mask their feelings for each other.
Prince	A thief commits the heist of his life, only to awaken the next morning with no memory. Now, he must race to find the missing loot.
Ramayan	A prince's divine destiny to rule as a king is thwarted by his stepmother's scheme to put her own child on the throne in this legendary epic.
Rukh	Following the untimely death of his father, a young man begins to reconnect with his family while uncovering some difficult truths.
Sairat	When two college students – a rich man’s daughter and a fisherman’s son – defy social edicts by falling in love, violence erupts in their village.
Schindler's List	Oskar Schindler becomes an unlikely humanitarian, spending his entire fortune to help save 1,100 Jews from Auschwitz during World War II.
Secret in Their Eyes	A former FBI investigator reopens the haunting 13-year-old murder case of his colleague, only to uncover shocking truths hidden since then.
The Aerial	In the City Without a Voice, only faceless singer the Voice can still vocalize. Everyone else has lost the power of speech as they let Mr. TV's broadcasts speak for them. But when Mr. TV kidnaps the Voice, things change.
The Duchess	To compensate for her unhappy marriage, young duchess Georgiana Spencer begins a scandalous affair with politician Charles Grey.
The Search for Life in Space	To determine whether we're alone in the universe, astrobiologists look to Jupiter, Mars and, closer to home, extreme environments on Earth.
Una	A young woman tracks down the older man who preyed on her as a child, forcing them both to confront the damage done by what happened 15 years earlier.
Bure Kaam Bura Natija, Kyun Bhai Chacha Haan Bhatija	A clever uncle-nephew duo solves mysteries, crimes and other problems for the citizens of a colorful town where something zany is always going down.
Dad's Army	This beloved sitcom follows the unlikely heroes of the volunteer British Home Guard as they prepare for German invasion in World War II.
Dandy	A law professor is enlisted by Mexico's attorney general to join a special operations unit infiltrating the capital's most notorious drug cartel.
Days We Stared at the Sun	A model student resorts to violence after witnessing greed and corruption wreak havoc on his life.
Doctor Foster	When she suspects her husband is cheating on her, Dr. Gemma Foster starts an investigation that leads her down a dark path of obsession.
Father Brown	A modest, compassionate priest doubles as an effective crime solver in this series based on the short stories by G.K. Chesterton.
Revolt	Following a devastating alien invasion, an American soldier and a French foreign aid worker attempt to find refuge in the Kenyan countryside.
Th Eena Meena Deeka Chase Comedy Show	A hungry fox and three resourceful, surprisingly formidable birds turn the animal kingdom on its head in this lively animated series.
ViR: The Robot Boy	Humanoid robot boy ViR lives with his inventor, Dr. Prem Sahay, and, with his best friends, is always ready to use his superpowers to save the day.
Wake Up	After taking the blame for a patient death, an anesthesiologist battling psychiatric trauma fights to stay afloat in the corrupt hospital system.
Yu-Gi-Oh!	The lives of young Yugi Moto and his friends Joey, Tristan, and Téa are forever changed when a fantasy card game becomes their reality.
First Match	A tenacious high school girl raised in foster homes in the inner city tries to reconnect with her ex-con father by joining a boys wrestling team.
Happy Anniversary	A quirky couple spends their three-year dating anniversary looking back at their relationship and contemplating whether they should break up.
Legend of the Naga Pearls	A petty thief teams up with two bickering accomplices to safeguard a powerful relic and save humankind from a tribe of vengeful, winged humanoids.
Rapture	Groundbreaking artists share their life stories in this vibrant documentary series that captures hip-hop's impact on global culture.
Sofía Niño de Rivera: Selección Natural	Mexico's Sofía Niño de Rivera brings her dark humor to the stage with jokes about marriage traps, sexually attractive leopards and funny funerals.
The Titan	On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man.
Trailer Park Boys	Follow the booze-fueled misadventures of three longtime pals and petty serial criminals who run scams from their Nova Scotia trailer park.
Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day	After their latest jail stint, boozy pals Julian, Bubbles and Ricky plan to go legit but learn trailer park manager Jim aims to demolish their homes.
Trailer Park Boys: The Movie	In this feature-length adventure, Ricky, Julian and Bubbles – just out of jail – plan the lamest scheme yet: to get rich by stealing tons of change.
Trump: An American Dream	Friends, associates and critics reveal the truly American story of Donald Trump, the brash businessman who defied the odds to become U.S. president.
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast	K-pop diva Lee Hyo-ri and her husband open up their home on the beautiful Jeju Island to welcome travelers for free stays, meals and late-night chats.
Ollie & Moon	Two quirky cats, Ollie and Moon, and their friend Stanley the snail travel the world, solving everyday problems and learning about different cultures.
James Acaster: Repertoire	Offbeat comic James Acaster covers the strange, the mundane and everything in between in this collection of four wide-ranging stand-up specials.
Better Call Saul	"This Emmy-nominated prequel to ""Breaking Bad"" follows small-time attorney Jimmy McGill as he transforms into morally challenged lawyer Saul Goodman."
Birdshot	A sheltered farm girl inadvertently shoots an endangered Philippine eagle, setting off a police investigation that exposes violence and corruption.
Monster High: Haunted	Hearing that their old school is being haunted, Spectra Vondergeist and her pals head back to Monster High to get to the bottom of the scary spookery.
Red Trees	A documentarian details her Jewish family's escape from Nazi-occupied Prague to refuge in Brazil, where her father built a life as an architect.
Day and Night	A detective assists with an investigation into a brutal mass murder case in which his twin brother is the prime suspect.
Game Over, Man!	Three buddies with big dreams go from underachieving slackers to badass warriors when their posh hotel is taken over by terrorists.
Layla M.	In response to the repeated bigotry she faces, a Muslim teen in Amsterdam tries to find a sense of belonging in the world of fundamentalist Islam.
Pablo Escobar: Angel or Demon?	This documentary traces the steps of druglord Pablo Escobar with vivid eyewitness accounts that reconstruct his bloody reign in Colombia.
Paradox	Neil Young and his band of outlaws sow seeds of strange mischief and musical wonder under Western skies in this dreamlike film by Daryl Hannah.
Requiem	In the wake of a sudden tragedy, a London cellist unearths secrets that link her mother to the disappearance of a young girl in a small Welsh town.
Roxanne Roxanne	"She grew up in a tough New York neighborhood in the '80s and made history with ""Roxanne's Revenge."" The story of teen battle rap champ Roxanne Shante."
Secret Superstar	A talented teenage singer-songwriter living amid domestic abuse becomes a YouTube sensation after a video in which she hides her identity goes viral.
Conor McGregor: Notorious	From making ends meet to lavish rides and fur coats, the Irish MMA champion grants an all-access pass to the highs – and lows – of his ascent.
100 Years: One Woman's Fight for Justice	This documentary chronicles Elouise Cobell's long fight against the U.S. government for the gross mismanagement of mineral-rich Native American land.
The L Word	This trailblazing series follows the tangled lives and ever-changing relationships among a close-knit group of lesbians who call Los Angeles home.
The Standups	Comedy's freshest voices take the stage in LA for six half-hour specials packed with sly jokes, hilarious anecdotes and awkward confessions.
In Search of Fellini	A naive and sheltered young woman embarks on a whimsical adventure across Italy in the hopes of meeting director Federico Fellini.
Benji	A determined dog comes to the rescue and helps heal a broken family when a young boy and his sister stumble into some serious danger.
Edha	Revenge, passion and dark secrets push a successful fashion designer and single mother to her limits when she meets a handsome and mysterious man.
Take Your Pills	In a hypercompetitive world, drugs like Adderall offer students, athletes, coders and others a way to do more – faster and better. But at what cost?
Wild Wild Country	When a controversial cult leader builds a utopian city in the Oregon desert, conflict with the locals escalates into a national scandal.
Yoo Byung Jae: Too Much Information	"""Saturday Night Live Korea"" writer-turned-comedian Yoo Byung-jae lays bare his childhood memories and philosophy on sex in his first stand-up venture."
Bilu Rakkhosh	Torn between his demanding corporate career, his passion for music and his turbulent family life, a man struggles to keep his inner demons in check.
Chal Dhar Pakad	After her fat-shaming husband brings home a new lover, a wife in Maharashtra recruits a group of women to challenge him in a kabaddi match.
Ek Cup Chya	A poor bus conductor's efforts at obtaining information about his enormous electricity bill are hindered by a corrupt system.
Haapus	The son of an astrologer faces opposition from his superstitious father regarding his scheme of launching a mango business.
In This Corner of the World	Suzu marries into a family living outside of Hiroshima and quickly settles into her new life, until World War II challenges her ability to survive.
Irada Pakka	Bored in their happy marriage, a couple decides to spice things up by fighting more, but their game takes the relationship on an unexpected path.
Jag älskar dig: En skilsmässokomedi	Tired of her passionless marriage, Marianne wants a separation from her husband, Gustav, who, in response, decides to make a big change of his own.
Khotey Sikkey	Five affluent youths find a new sense of purpose as they team up with a Mumbai police officer on crime-busting missions around the city.
Kills on Wheels	Two young men with disabilities befriend a hitman in a wheelchair and become his helpers, only to wind up in the crosshairs of a Serbian mobster.
Lalbaug Parel: Zali Mumbai Sonyachi	Industrial workers struggle against the greed of their employers and the apathy of the government toward the conditions in which they live and work.
Little Lunch: The Halloween Horror Story	When the class puts on a Halloween play about a boy who leaves behind his friends for a scary new place, it hits too close to home for one student.
Little Lunch: The Nightmare Before Graduation	Mrs. Gonsha's students are excited about the end of primary school – until they discover that a classmate might not move on with them.
Mango Dreams	Concerned that dementia will soon steal his most cherished memories, a Hindu doctor hires a Mulsim rickshaw driver to take him to his childhood home.
Martyrs of Marriage	This documentary reveals the cracks in India's anti-dowry act and gives voice to both women and men who've been victimized by the law's abusers.
Mystery Science Theater 3000	Hosts Joel and Mike and their robot companions offer hilarious running commentary on B movies they're forced to watch in these classic MST3K episodes.
Occupied	"In the near future, Russia initiates a ""silk glove"" invasion of Norway to restart oil production, but soon uncertainty, chaos and danger erupt."
Pizza, birra, faso	A group of hardscrabble young thieves in Argentina decide to leave their boss and plan heists on their own.
Ranbhool	Believing himself to be God's envoy, a troubled young man embarks on a killing spree as his passion for music becomes a psychotic obsession.
Rishta.com	Partners at an Indian matrimonial agency face endlessly challenging and often impossible demands as they help clients make the perfect match.
Satrangi Re	Friends in their last year of college contemplate the future of their band as they juggle questions of love, work, family and identity.
Secret of the Nile	When his sister disappears while working at the Grand Hotel, a man joins the staff to get answers. Inside its posh walls, he finds love and intrigue.
Sthaniya Sambaad	In post-Partition Kolkata, a young Bengali poet from an urban colony wanders the city in search of the woman he loves and a channel for his sorrows.
Tabula Rasa	When a young woman with amnesia becomes a key figure in a missing persons case, she must reconstruct her memories to clear her name.
The Art of Loving	During Communist rule, a Polish gynecologist and sexologist defies taboo and fights to publish her groundbreaking book on love and sex.
Steel Rain	Amid a coup, a North Korean agent escapes south with the country's injured leader in an attempt to keep him alive and prevent a Korean war.
Children of the Whales	As a magic wielder, young archivist Chakuro knows his time is short, but everything changes when a girl from the outside appears on his island.
Ricky Gervais: Humanity	In his first special in seven years, Ricky Gervais slings his trademark snark at celebrity, mortality and a society that takes everything personally.
Stretch Armstrong: The Breakout	Villains are rampaging through Charter City and the Flex Fighters – Jake, Ricardo and Nathan – need your help to halt the chaos.
Kygo: Live at the Hollywood Bowl	Join Norwegian electronic music superstar Kygo onstage and behind the scenes as he performs at the famed L.A. venue with a bevy of special guests.
Troy: The Odyssey	Starting with the Trojan Horse attack, this modest re-telling of Homer's epic covers well-known highlights of Odysseus's long journey home.
Bad Match	A player who uses the internet to facilitate his womanizing ways is tormented when he spurns a persistent woman who won't take no for an answer.
Bitch	Cracking under the demands of children and a philandering, thankless husband, an overworked suburban mother assumes the persona of a ferocious dog.
Nails	Recently paralyzed in a devastating car accident, Dana begins to suspect a dark and sinister force may be lurking within her hospital room.
Septiembre, un llanto en silencio	After a terrorist attack in Guatemala, a baby is rendered deaf and motherless and her father is left to raise her alone.
A.I.C.O.	Everything Aiko knew was a lie. Now she's joining a team of Divers to reach the place where the Burst began to stop it for good and save her family.
Collateral	Investigating the murder of a pizza delivery man, a London detective uncovers a tangled conspiracy involving drug dealers, smugglers and spies.
Love	Rebellious Mickey and good-natured Gus navigate the thrills and agonies of modern relationships in this bold comedy co-created by Judd Apatow.
Meditation Park	An elderly immigrant matriarch from Hong Kong finally begins to break out of her shell of isolation when she suspects her husband of infidelity.
The Outsider	An American soldier imprisoned in postwar Japan enters the dark world of the yakuza, adopting their way of life in repayment for his freedom.
Bad Guys: Vile City	Ordered to take down a villainous business leader who controls the city, a prosecutor gathers a team of men who may not be so clean themselves.
Ladies First	Born amid poverty and limited women's rights in the village of Ratu, India, Deepika Kumari rose to become the No.1 female archer in the world at 18.
Aftershock	An American tourist and his friends are partying in Chile, but a major earthquake devastates the area and forces them to scramble for survival.
Bullet Head	After a daring heist, three fugitives lock themselves in a warehouse hoping to evade the police, but find a worse threat as they fight to stay alive.
Aliens Ate My Homework	Tiny alien lawmen fly into Rod's bedroom and recruit him into helping them stop an intergalactic criminal – who's disguised as a very familiar human.
Benji	After lovable abandoned mutt Benji is adopted by a kind family, he chases cats, flirts with a show dog and bravely helps to rescue two abducted kids.
Benji: Off the Leash	Benji is back in this charming story that's told from the pooch's point of view, tracking his early days as a pup to his current life in showbiz.
Borderliner	To protect his family, a police detective covers up a murder case. But when his partner suspects foul play, he is trapped in a dangerous game on duty.
For the Love of Benji	Benji and his owner get separated in Greece. On his quest to find them, he's targeted by various bad guys who want to get their hands on him.
Gad Elmaleh: American Dream	In his first English-language special, comedian Gad Elmaleh gleefully digs into America's food obsessions, dating culture, slang and more.
Gook	Amidst the looting and chaos of the LA riots, two Korean-American brothers fight to save their struggling shoe store while contemplating their future.
F the Prom	Maddy and Cole were inseparable before high school. Then she got popular
Expedition China	Cinematographers visit the remote forests and mountains of China in hopes of capturing footage of pandas, monkeys, red-crowned cranes and more.
B: The Beginning	"Genius investigator Keith Flick rejoins the royal police force just as serial killer ""B"" emerges. Mysterious youth Koku may be an ally, or a target."
Flint Town	Over a two-year period, filmmakers embedded with cops in Flint, Michigan, reveal a department grappling with volatile issues in untenable conditions.
Malena Pichot: Estupidez compleja	An Argentine comedian espouses the values of feminism, speaking on topics like sex, language, abortion and why it's OK to let a man buy you dinner.
Natalia Valdebenito: El especial	A Chilean comedian fuses activism with irreverence for a stand-up set filled with jokes about misogyny, reproductive rights and respecting women.
Ravenous	As a zombie plague ravages their rural Quebec town, a scrappy band of survivors join forces to flee the infected hordes in this quiet thriller.
21 Thunder	Players and coaches for a Montreal soccer team chase dreams of stardom while their personal lives erupt with love, fear, passion and violence.
2307: Winter's Dream	In the frozen tundra of a futuristic Arizona where humans have been forced underground, a soldier hunts the bioengineered leader of a rebellion.
Adel Karam: Live from Beirut	From Casino du Liban, Lebanese actor and comedian Adel Karam delivers earthy punchlines on kissing norms, colonoscopies and a porn star named Rocco.
Ai Weiwei: Never Sorry	Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei uses social media and art to inspire protests and suffers government persecution for his actions.
Aitraaz	A happily married business executive is forced to deal with an episode from his past that he had long thought was put behind him.
Bachelor Girls	Through intimate interviews, this documentary explores the stigma facing independent women who seek housing in modern Mumbai.
Balu Mahi	Determined to stop his ex-girlfriend from marrying, a young man crashes the wrong wedding and meets a bride looking to run away.
Battle Drone	A team of mercenaries working with the CIA accepts an off-the-books mission in Chernobyl, where deadly human-controlled droids prepare an ambush.
Boom	Following a fashion show mishap, three supermodels find themselves on the run from dangerous gangsters trying to recover a fortune in stolen diamonds.
Company	Following a misunderstanding, a gangster and his boss part ways and become bitter enemies – with devastating consequences.
Darr Sabko Lagta Hai	In this chilling horror anthology series, actress and model Bipasha Basu meets people who have had disconcerting paranormal experiences.
Deathgrip	Mountain bikers – including legend Brendan Fairclough – put their skills to the test and engage in daring feats set against vivid backdrops.
Dil Se	A radio broadcaster's intense attraction to a mysterious woman opens the door to a tidal wave of powerful emotions and desires.
Dum	When one of his colleagues becomes corrupted by power and goes over to the dark side, a young police officer tries to bring the offender to justice.
Elles étaient en guerre 1939-1945	Mothers, nurses, soldiers and deportees – these women fought against persecution for freedom and survival amid the turbulence of World War II.
Grand Masti	Leaving their wives at home, three randy friends look forward to some raunchy extramarital fun at their college reunion.
Guru	Ambitious Gurukant Desai ignores his father's advice and leaves his village to find success in Turkey.
Hamara Dil Aapke Paas Hai	Love blooms when kind-hearted Avinash takes in Preeti, a woman shunned by society, but the unorthodox living situation creates quite a stir among the neighbors.
Hans Zimmer: Live in Prague	In this concert film, Oscar-winning composer Hans Zimmer performs his most iconic movie scores to a sell-out crowd at the O2 Arena in Prague.
Haseena Maan Jaayegi	A millionaire opens the door to comic complications when he punishes his spoiled sons for trying to make money through shady, get-rich-quick schemes.
Hide & Seek	Years after an accident at a wild Christmas party traumatized them all, six former friends find themselves trapped in a shopping mall and forced by a killer disguised as Santa Claus to play a lethal game of hide-and-seek.
Inconceivable	A couple trying to conceive invite a woman with a mysterious past to move in with them. But it's an invitation they might come to regret.
Insan	A grieving policeman and a rickshaw driver are brought together by a dark, tragic secret that will change their lives forever.
Iqbal	A boy with a hearing and speech impairment – and extraordinary athletic ability – chases his lifelong dream of playing cricket for India.
Ishqedarriyaan	A young millionaire is willing to do anything to make the schoolteacher he loves happy. Even if it means helping her marry someone else.
Issaq	Two young lovers in Banaras are caught in the crossfire of a feud between their powerful families and a political climate destroying their city.
Judwaa 2	Separated at birth, twins Raja and Prem couldn't be more different. But when fate puts them both in London, they start being mistaken for each other.
Kaakan	Star-crossed lovers from different social strata struggle to overcome differences in class and family expectation, as well as a long separation.
Kalki	A scientist trying to solve one of the universe's greatest puzzles begins a romance with a much younger colleague that's haunted by a dark secret.
Kanika	A doctor and his colleagues who use sex-determination testing for unethical ends face retribution from a supernatural victim who seeks vengeance.
Khalnayak	A prison guard goes undercover as a dancer to try and recapture an escaped criminal and restore her police inspector boyfriend's reputation.
Khushi	While playing matchmaker to a pair of their friends, two young university students begin developing feelings for each other.
Kyun! Ho Gaya Na	Cinematic lovebirds Aishwarya Rai and Vivek Oberoi star in this love story about a sweet young girl, Diya, brought up by her widowed father on a coffee plantation in the village of Coorg.
LA 92	Previously unseen footage is shaped into a fresh and timely retelling of the 1992 Rodney King trial – and the verdict that sparked civil unrest.
Laal Rang	Eager for cash, Rajesh joins his friend Shankar's blood-theft operation. As Rajesh's greed grows and the cops close in, Shankar is poised to explode.
Love Beats Rhymes	After enrolling in a college poetry course, a struggling rapper finds inspiration for her new voice through slam poetry.
Mahi Way	Though worried she's doomed to be single forever, Mahi embraces her vivacious and creative nature while working to tame her inner critic.
Monster High 13 Wishes	It's a new school year at Monster High, and the little sister of Clawdeen Wolf, Howleen, is determined to be more fangtastic than ever.
Monster High: Ghouls Rule	"After learning that monsters and ""Normies"" used to spend Halloween together, Frankie Stein and her pals rally both groups for a frightfully good time."
Murder Maps	Dramatic reenactments paired with archival sources artfully illustrate how police brought some of Britain's most infamous killers to justice.
No Entry	After a prank goes sideways, three buddies find their relationships  – with women and each other – tested in unexpected ways.
Pardes	Prompted by loyalty, Arjun plays matchmaker between his philandering foster brother and a conservative girl but winds up falling in love himself.
Pitaah	Thakur Avadh is an evil landlord in a remote village who rules with an iron fist. His two sons live a debauched life, knowing that their father will bail them out of any scrape.
Pukar	A notorious terrorist manipulates an Indian army major's jilted lover into helping him obtain a classified military code.
Rahasya	The murder of a teenage girl found dead in her bedroom opens up a twisted investigation that leads into a dark, murky labyrinth of secrets and lies.
Run	Siddharth falls in love with beautiful Jhanvi. But Jhanvi's brother Ganpat is overly possessive – and determined to destroy their relationship.
Samarppanam	When a young girl is killed in a suspicious train accident, three very different lives become intertwined in their quest for answers.
Schubert In Love	The last of his family line, Olaf Schubert doesn't have time for a girlfriend but dutifully searches for one when his father demands offspring.
Shakti: The Power	A young mother must break free of the clutches of her husband's feudal family and bring herself and her young child to safety.
Shanghai	Three disparate characters uncover government corruption as a small Indian town receives an influx of foreign money to turn it into the next Shanghai.
Shararat	Unable to bribe his way out of a reckless driving charge, an arrogant rich kid is sentenced to community service at a home for senior citizens.
Shaurya: It Takes Courage to Make Right... Right	Courtroom intrigue plays out against a backdrop of military secrets in this Bollywood drama with a plot that's reminiscent of A Few Good Men.
Shubh Aarambh	As her own wedding looms on the horizon, a marriage counselor strives to save her future in-laws' crumbling relationship.
Shuddhi	An American woman on a revenge mission travels to India and befriends two journalists seeking justice for violent crimes against women.
Solo	Four disparate lives – a gangster, a student, a veterinarian and a soldier – are evocatively connected to elements of earth, fire, wind and water.
Something Huge	"A director and a comedian want to shoot the ""comedy of the future"" and make cinema history, but soon run out of resources and run into mission creep."
Super Nani	A loving, concerned American grandson travels to Mumbai to rescue his unappreciated grandmother from her drudgery and fulfill her true potential.
Swades	An Americanized NASA scientist returns to his native India on a business trip and searches for the nanny who helped raise him.
Swearnet Live	"""Trailer Park Boys"" John Paul Tremblay, Robb Wells and Mike Smith host this foulmouthed live kick-off of their Web-based Swearnet network."
Taal	Businessman Manav falls for aspiring singer Mansi, but their romance faces an uphill climb when Manav must depart and Mansi's suave manager moves in.
Tarif de nuit	A night out in Paris quickly unravels when two friends provoke the wrong taxi driver, who's after something bigger than cab fare.
Teen Patti	Luck brings together math expert Perci Trachtenberg and obscure genius Venkat Subramaniam in a casino, but the foundations of probability may be utterly altered when their chat leads Subramaniam to try a new theory in the gambling dens of Mumbai.
The Pirates of Somalia	An aspiring journalist travels to Somalia in hopes of making a name for himself by covering dangerous pirates and hijackers.
The Plan	After being sent to a remote prison, three young men suffer under the watchful eye of their jailer and make a meticulous plan to escape.
The Shaukeens	Three sexually frustrated men in their 60s have the adventure of a lifetime after meeting an intriguing young woman during a holiday in Mauritius.
The Silence	On a train in Mumbai, 20-something Chini witnesses a horrific attack that triggers memories of a dark chapter from her youth. Based on a true story.
The Silence	After encountering a scene of sexual violence, a woman is forced to confront traumatic experiences of abuse that have shaped her life.
Tope: The Bait	The tales of an eccentric aristocrat, a tightrope walking nomad and a postman-turned-soothsayer unspool in this visual poem of rural life in India.
Trailer Park Boys Live at the North Pole	Bubbles's plan to spread the true meaning of Christmas is dashed by Julian's wish to cash in on the holiday and Ricky's quest to meet the real Santa.
Trailer Park Boys Live In F**kin' Dublin	The boys head to Ireland after winning a contest to see Rush but are arrested by immigration and must perform a community service puppet show.
Trailer Park Boys: Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys	A year after the Season 7 finale, the boys are poised to live the good life. But an old enemy throws a wrench in things once again.
Trailer Park Boys: Xmas Special	See what Sunnyvale Trailer Park was like back in the day, featuring Randy as a prostitute, J-Roc before he rapped and Barb and Lahey still together.
Trimurti	After being framed, a policewoman languishing in prison hopes that her three sons will deliver justice and restore her honor.
True to the Game	When a drug kingpin looking to go legit falls for a Philadelphia college student, it doesn't take long for his dangerous world to bleed into her life.
Tu Hai Mera Sunday	When their Sunday soccer game on the beach is canceled, five friends set out to find another place to play in the noisy, crowded city of Mumbai.
Welcome 2 Karachi	Denied a U.S. visa, two dim Indian men decide to sneak into America on a boat. Fate, however, leaves them stranded on a beach – in Karachi, Pakistan.
Y.M.I.: Yeh Mera India	The lives of a middle-aged soap opera addict, an ambitious career woman, a fervent activist and nine others from different walks of Indian life intersect in Mumbai. But this vibrant melting pot threatens to bubble over with bias and bigotry.
Yaadein	Two young lovers set out to overcome the obstacles that stand in the way of their marriage, beginning with the objections of the girl's father.
Yuva	An accident on a bridge ties together three young men from different social classes, sparking a course of events that will forever alter their lives.
Big Bear	The alcohol-fueled high jinks of a bachelor party go haywire when the buddies of an ill-fated groom abduct his fiancée's new lover.
Derren Brown: The Push	Mentalist Derren Brown engineers an audacious social experiment demonstrating how manipulation can lead an ordinary person to commit an appalling act.
Marlon Wayans: Woke-ish	Rollicking, outrageous and audacious, Marlon Wayans gets raw on racism, age-appropriate rap rhymes, gay rights, raising kids and even the Kardashians.
People You May Know	A shy luddite gains fame, attention and friends after he uses photoshop skills to create a fake glamorous life on social media.
The Heyday of the Insensitive Bastards	An all-star cast brings to life the short stories of author Robert Boswell in this anthology series of vignettes set in modern-day America.
The Rift: The Dark Side of the Moon	When a team of special agents is sent to recover the wreckage of a downed satellite in Serbia, their mission takes a horrifying turn.
Winnie	Winnie Mandela speaks about her extraordinary and controversial career, from her early life to her marriage to her ongoing efforts to end apartheid.
Veronica	In 1991 Madrid, after holding a séance at school, a teen girl minding her younger siblings at home suspects an evil force has entered their apartment.
El Vato	Regional Mexican singer El Vato and his friends struggle to succeed in the enticing but deceptive music world in Los Angeles, California.
Best Lover	Two young stars with different backgrounds and agendas enter into a fake marriage to advance their careers, until the fake starts turning real.
Marseille	The longtime mayor of Marseille is preparing to hand over the reins to his protégé when a sudden and ruthless battle erupts for control of the city.
Mute	When his girlfriend vanishes, a mute man ventures into a near-future Berlin's seamy underworld, where his actions speak louder than words.
Seven Seconds	The death of a 15-year-old African American boy in Jersey City sets off a police cover-up and a search for the truth.
Timeline	Firsthand accounts, re-enactments and computer-generated graphics retell in detail Thailand's biggest news stories from the past.
Ugly Delicious	All the flavor. None of the BS. Star chef David Chang leads friends on a mouthwatering, cross-cultural hunt for the world's most satisfying grub.
Hitler's Circle of Evil	Surviving power struggles, betrayals and plots, Hitler's inner circle of Nazi leaders seizes control of Germany and designs its disastrous future.
Forgotten	When his abducted brother returns seemingly a different man with no memory of the past 19 days, Jin-seok chases after the truth behind the kidnapping.
Lincoln	Director Steven Spielberg takes on the towering legacy of Abraham Lincoln, focusing on his stewardship of the Union during the Civil War years.
The Bachelors	After the death of his wife, a teacher and his son move to a new city, where emotional connections with two women help them begin to heal.
Bates Motel	When his father dies, Norman Bates and his mother open a hotel. But Norman's precarious mental state drives them down a dark and violent path.
Bugs	A willing team of chefs and researchers goes on a gastronomic adventure around the globe to weigh the benefits of using bugs as a future food source.
The Breadwinner	A courageous 11-year-old Afghan girl disguises herself as a boy and takes on odd jobs to provide for her family when her father is arrested.
The Frankenstein Chronicles	A detective tracks what seems to be a killer with a taste for dismemberment in 1827 London, but the case leads in a far more terrifying direction.
A Week in Watts	Los Angeles police officers embark on an innovative program mentoring promising students from the harsh, gang-infested Watts neighborhood.
Dismissed	An intelligent but intense honor student traumatizes his high school teacher and mentor when he doesn't get the grade he believes he deserves.
FullMetal Alchemist	While alchemist Edward Elric searches for a way to restore his brother Al's body, the military government and mysterious monsters are watching closely.
Memoir of a Murderer	Hiding his own murderous past, a man suffering from Alzheimer's must protect his daughter from her boyfriend, who he suspects is also a serial killer.
Blood Money	Three friends on a wilderness trip find bags full of cash and must evade the criminal who hid the money in the first place.
Brave Miss World	Weeks before being named Miss World, Linor Abargil was raped. She tells the world her inspiring true story in this Emmy-nominated documentary.
Agustín Aristarán: Soy Rada	"Argentine comedian Agustín ""Radagast"" Aristarán adds doses of magic, music and acting to his high-energy stand-up routine."
Dragons: Race to the Edge	"From the creators of ""How to Train Your Dragon"" comes an all-new Netflix original series that takes Hiccup and Toothless to the edge of adventure!"
Everything Sucks!	It's 1996 in a town called Boring, where high school misfits in the AV and drama clubs brave the ups and downs of teenage life in the VHS era.
Irreplaceable You	A stunning cancer diagnosis spurs Abbie to seek a future girlfriend for fiancé and childhood sweetheart Sam, who's clueless when it comes to dating.
Kon Kon Kon	Explore the stories of ordinary people dealing with extraordinary circumstances in this series that focuses on overcoming obstacles and odds.
Asura: The City of Madness	Caught between a corrupt mayor and a prosecutor intent on exposing political depravity, a police detective must decide whose side he's on.
Daagdi Chaawl	A simple man's peaceful life is complicated when an incident brings him in contact with a gangster and launches his journey into the underworld.
Fakta Ladh Mhana	A young man enlists the help of his friends to avenge his uncle's death by taking on a powerful, unscrupulous politician.
Matichya Chuli	A jealous, possessive mother thinks she is competing with her new daughter-in-law for the affections of her overindulged son.
Morya	Two communities in Mumbai get a final chance to compete with each other in the celebration of the iconic Ganesh Chaturthi festival.
Powder	Two men who grew up in Mumbai's slums are drawn into the city's brutal narcotics trade, where they fight on opposite sides of the law.
Premachi Goshta	A man and a woman struggling to keep their respective marriages afloat run into each other at a marriage counselor's office, with unexpected results.
Re:Mind	Eleven high school classmates awaken, restrained to a large dining room. While fearing for their lives, they question a motive to this bizarre act.
Sakhi	Caught in a downward spiral of failed career moves, misguided ambitions and bad relations, a pair of lost souls find hope in an unexpected friendship.
Sarivar Sari	Raised in working-class Mumbai, Manisha has an independent spirit that angers her father, who favors Manisha's medical student sister, Mini. Things reach a breaking point when Manisha's father beats her for accepting a modeling contract.
Solomon Kane	In this epic tale, a once-murderous sea captain is holed up in a monastery in retreat from the devil, whom the captain fears is coming for his soul.
Tukaram	A child whose innocence and devotion set him apart from the other children of his village grows up to be one of the foremost saints of India.
Zenda	A change in the leadership of a political party sparks bitter conflict and the party's division into two rival factions.
Chris Rock: Tamborine	Chris Rock takes the stage in Brooklyn for a comedy special filled with searing observations on fatherhood, infidelity and American politics.
Love Per Square Foot	Individually, bank employees Sanjay and Karina don't earn enough to be able to buy a home, so they decide to enter into a marriage of convenience.
The Mortified Guide	Brave people get onstage to read hilarious and humiliating tales of gawky teenage love, family dysfunction and other stories from their younger years.
Trophy	This documentary explores the tensions between the lucrative big-game hunting business and wildlife conservation from a variety of perspectives.
Seeing Allred	Explore the public and private sides of feminist firebrand attorney Gloria Allred, who's battled some of the biggest names in politics and business.
The Ritual	Four friends with a long-standing – but strained – connection take a hiking trip into the Swedish wilderness, from which they may never return.
The Trader (Sovdagari)	A traveling trader provides a window into rural life in the Republic of Georgia, where potatoes are currency and ambition is crushed by poverty.
Tientsin Mystic	In an otherworldly river town, a policeman follows the trail of a sinister force to save his community from deadly spells.
When We First Met	Using a magical photo booth that sends him back in time, Noah relives the night he met Avery over and over, trying to persuade her to fall for him.
6 Days	When armed gunmen seize the Iranian Embassy in 1980, a tense six-day standoff ensues while elite British soldiers prepare for a dangerous raid.
Fred Armisen: Standup For Drummers	For an audience of drummers, comedian Fred Armisen shares and demonstrates his thoughts on musical genres, drummer quirks, regional accents and more.
Valor	Following an unsuccessful mission in Somalia, the two surviving members of a U.S. Army helicopter crew are embroiled in an unseemly conspiracy.
Welcome to Willits	A marijuana farmer's extraterrestrial paranoia creates trouble for a group of young campers who pitch their tent on his land in Northern California.
Woody Woodpecker	A rascally bird with a distinctive laugh pecks back with a vengeance when his forest habitat is threatened by a slick lawyer building his dream home.
OCTB	An undercover detective crosses paths with familiar faces in the mafia underworld during the final years of Britain's ruling of Hong Kong.
Princess Cyd	A teenager moves to Chicago for the summer and finds a poignant mentor in her aunt and a sweet love interest in a girl who works in the neighborhood.
The Cloverfield Paradox	Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality.
Thumper	After moving to a hardscrabble suburban California town, a young woman becomes dangerously entangled with a local drug enterprise.
El último testigo	A security expert and ex-CIA agent living in Belgium must go on the run with his estranged teen daughter when they're both marked for assassination.
Altered Carbon	After 250 years on ice, a prisoner returns to life in a new body with one chance to win his freedom: by solving a mind-bending murder.
Coach Snoop	Fueled by his own rough upbringing, Snoop Dogg creates a youth football league to keep at-risk kids off the streets and focused on their goals.
Kavin Jay: Everybody Calm Down!	On a mission to defy stereotypes, Malaysian stand-up comedian Kavin Jay shares stories about growing up in the VHS era with his Singapore audience.
On Body and Soul	Two shy and socially awkward co-workers in Budapest form a special bond through a mysterious mystic connection that manifests in a dream.
The Bros	Reunited in their hometown for their father's funeral, two self-interested brothers meet a peculiar woman who shares a huge secret about their family.
42 Grams	After launching a successful underground restaurant out of their apartment, an ambitious chef and his wife open an all-consuming upscale eatery.
Before the Flood	Leonardo DiCaprio crisscrosses the globe to investigate the consequences of man-made globe warming and the measures being taken to reverse it.
Emo the Musical	Expelled from private school for attempted suicide, emo Ethan enters the world of Seymour High and meets a cute Christian who's ready to convert him.
Gender Revolution: A Journey with Katie Couric	Katie Couric explores our evolving understanding of gender identity, speaking with transgender and intersex individuals about their experiences.
How the Beatles Changed the World	Interviews and rare archival footage illuminate how the Beatles' influence over music and culture continues to be felt around the world.
Inxeba	At an initiation ritual for the young men of his Xhosa community, a closeted factory hand meets a Johannesburg teen who discovers his best-kept secret.
John Mellencamp: Plain Spoken	Iconic rocker John Mellencamp lights up Chicago in an electrifying live performance featuring old classics and new tracks.
Liberated: The New Sexual Revolution	Filmmakers explore how pop culture shapes a new generation's beliefs about gender, sexuality and violence on display among students on spring break.
Little Lunch	Adopting a child's perspective, this show takes a humorous look at what happens during those action-packed 15 minutes of snack time each day.
Masha and the Bear	Lively little Masha lives near the forest, where she has many wonderful adventures with her best friend, a bear who used to be in the circus.
Master	Needing hard evidence to convict a company chairman of fraud, an investigator bargains with the company's tech expert to turn over his boss's ledger.
Mortified Nation	This comic documentary follows the Mortified movement, a series of stage events where adults share awkward childhood moments in front of strangers.
National Parks Adventure	Narrated by Robert Redford, this documentary tours the awe-inspiring landscapes, historic sites and untamed wilderness of America's great parks.
Newness	Martin and Gabi try to form a relationship after meeting through a hookup app, but when boredom creeps in, they seek out an unconventional solution.
Paint It Black	In the wake of a young artist’s suicide, his pianist mother and his despairing girlfriend square off in a living nightmare beset by guilt and blame.
Revolting Rhymes	Popular fairy tales take on a darkly comic edge in these short animated films based on a book by Roald Dahl and illustrator Quentin Blake.
The Code	In this three-part documentary series, host Marcus du Sautoy examines the mathematical code underlying all of life on Earth and the universe itself.
Under Arrest	Cameras follow police officers as they solve crimes, assist the public and arrest lawbreakers in this reality series.
Water & Power: A California Heist	California residents and farmers face powerful barons in the struggle to secure water rights in this fresh historical account of profit and interests.
Expedition Happiness	A filmmaker and his musician girlfriend attempt an epic road trip with their dog, traveling across North America in a refurbished school bus.
Jerry Seinfeld: I'm Telling You for the Last Time	Months after his classic TV sitcom ends, the legendary comic returns to his stand-up roots to deliver his best jokes on a sold-out international tour.
Monster High: Freaky Fusion	When Frankie Stein travels back in time, a teen scientist follows her home into the present and causes a lab accident that creates four new monsters.
Retribution	A dark web of secrets and lies emerges when a newlywed couple is killed and detectives question their feuding families.
The Lady in Dignity	The wife of a corporate heir finds her luxurious life overturned by a mysterious woman who joins the household as a caregiver for her father-in-law.
Holy Camp!	In this musical comedy, two rebellious teen girls who love electronic music have a life-changing brush with the divine at a camp run by nuns.
Hostages	Witnesses recount the shocking 1996 hostage crisis in Lima, Peru, where rebels held scores of high-level figures captive at an ambassador's residence.
Patient Seventeen	A surgeon claims to remove high tech microchips that aliens used to manipulate the human race. This documentary seeks to separate fact from fiction.
The Force	This documentary follows the police of Oakland, California, as they reform and face the challenges of corruption, commitment and cataclysmic change.
The Ministry of Time	Three officers from different eras work for a secret agency guarding Spain's past from time-traveling intruders trying to manipulate history.
A Futile and Stupid Gesture	"In a brief life full of triumph and failure, ""National Lampoon"" co-founder Doug Kenney built a comedy empire, molding pop culture in the 1970s."
Dirty Money	From crippling payday loans to cars that cheat emissions tests, this investigative series exposes brazen acts of corporate greed and corruption.
Fakkah Fuzz: Almost Banned	Stand-up comic Fakkah Fuzz mines cross-cultural humor from the experience of growing up as an outspoken Malay man in Singapore.
Mau Nieto: Viviendo sobrio… desde el bar	Performing at a bar, Mexican stand-up comedian Mau Nieto dishes on his modest upbringing, his failed relationships and his attempts to stay sober.
Mune: Guardian of the Moon	When the old guardian of the moon retires, the mischievous Mune is chosen as his successor, but he worries he's not up to the job.
Sebastián Marcelo Wainraich	Argentine comedian Sebastián Wainraich highlights the comedy in everyday life, from minibars to reasons why funerals are better than weddings.
The Adventures of Puss in Boots	The world's greatest feline fighter, lover and milk connoisseur takes on daring adventures in exotic locations in this family-friendly comedy series.
Acts of Vengeance	Devastated by the murder of his wife and child, a formerly fast-talking lawyer takes a vow of silence and trains himself for a mission of revenge.
Blockbuster	Dumped over a video he made to amuse his ailing dad, a heartsick Jérémy hatches an elaborate scheme to win back his superhero-loving girlfriend, Lola.
Prison Playbook	With his major league baseball debut right around the corner, a star pitcher lands in prison and must learn to navigate his new world.
Ricardo Quevedo: Hay gente así	Droll comic Ricardo Quevedo hits Bogotá with a set that touches on embarrassing misunderstandings, sex talk, the thrill of being scared and more.
The Good Catholic	A young priest’s faith is tested when he finds himself attracted to a woman he meets at confession and his ideals are shaken to the core.
Iceman	Four hundred years after they were frozen in time, a Ming Dynasty guard and his three pursuers are defrosted to continue their ancient battle.
My Entire High School Sinking Into the Sea	After an earthquake sends their school building drifting into the sea, a group of high-schoolers struggles to survive and overcome clique wars.
Todd Glass: Act Happy	Try to keep up as comedian Todd Glass delivers rapid-fire stand-up that bounces from his heart attack to his coming out to how to eat a Kit Kat.
Countdown to Death: Pablo Escobar	Through rare interviews, images and wiretap audio, this documentary reconstructs the last nine years of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar's life.
The Shannara Chronicles	After the destruction of civilization, three young heroes become Earth's last hope for salvation when a massive force of demons threatens the planet.
The Traffickers	In this hard-hitting series, journalist Nelufar Hedayat travels the globe to expose an array of black markets, from guns and gold to human body parts.
Where's the Money	Hunting for a stash of stolen money, a sharp-witted slacker from South Central Los Angeles infiltrates an all-white college fraternity.
Love and Hong Kong	The lives of five strangers become intertwined forever when a starlet filming a documentary is kidnapped on the streets of Hong Kong.
Harith Iskander: I Told You So	Malaysian stand-up comedy icon Harith Iskander takes the stage in Kuala Lumpur to talk about Singapore, a past girlfriend, Rick Astley and more.
Step Sisters	With her Harvard Law dreams on the line, a black sorority leader agrees to help a rhythmically challenged sisterhood win a step dance championship.
The Open House	Following a tragedy, a mother and her teen son move to a relative's vacant vacation home, where eerie and unexplained forces conspire against them.
Bad Day for the Cut	A mild-mannered, middle-aged Irish farmer devoted to his mother embarks on a violent quest for revenge when she's murdered in a home invasion.
Tiempos de guerra	In 1921, nurse trainees from Madrid's upper class open a hospital in Melilla for Rif War soldiers, finding friendship and romance while saving lives.
Arango y Sanint: Ríase el show	Colombian stand-up comedians Antonio Sanint and Julián Arango impersonate an Argentine visitor and a cabbie, and a pair of dirty old men at the opera.
Friday Night Tykes	This docuseries dives into the cutthroat world of Texas youth football, where kids face grueling demands and pressure from coaches and parents to win.
Godzilla	A desperate group of refugees attempts to recolonize Earth 20,000 years after Godzilla took over. But one young man wants revenge above all else.
A Serious Man	With every aspect of his life unraveling, a Jewish physics professor seeks out three rabbis for spiritual guidance.
Dallas Buyers Club	Refusing to accept a death sentence from his doctor after being diagnosed with AIDS in 1986, Ron Woodroof smuggles medications from abroad.
Katt Williams: Great America	The King of underground comedy delivers unflinching riffs on the American political climate, racial tensions, sex and his disdain for roast beef.
Rita	Independent, outspoken and adored by her students, schoolteacher Rita fares less well with adults in this comedy-drama from Denmark.
A Boy Called Po	After his wife's death, an overworked engineer struggles to care for his son with autism, who regresses into a fantasy world to escape real-life bullying.
Alibaba Aur 40 Chor	A simple village man is thrown into a web of political intrigue after he takes on a powerful and ruthless gang of bandits.
Down The Fence	The human-equine bond propels the unique and challenging sport of reined cow horse, in which dedicated trainers compete for the national championship.
Face 2 Face	Two former friends, who now live far apart, learn about each other's insecurities and secrets over a series of video chats.
Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards	As legendary shoe designer Manolo Blahnik speaks about his creative process, his celebrity admirers chime in with their own takes on his work.
One More Shot	Infertility affects millions. One couple copes with the assisted reproduction process by documenting its pain, disappointment and potential joy.
Operation Chromite	To pave the way for a major amphibious invasion, a team of South Korean spies goes behind enemy lines to steal a map of North Korean coastal defenses.
Phir Se	The paths of a man and a woman, who have both been recently divorced from their spouses, intersect at an art exhibition in London.
Pyar Ke Do Pal	Twins separated by a court order meet at camp and decide to reunite their parents, unaware of the dark secret that drove them apart years before.
Rip Tide	Following an embarrassing viral video, a New York model decides to escape from her suffocating existence by visiting her faraway aunt in Australia.
Thong Dee Fun Khao	After losing a boxing match, a talented Muay Thai fighter leaves home to train with the best. On his quest, he finds friends, foes and lots of action.
Unrest	In this heart-wrenching documentary, a 28-year-old Ph.D. student turns the camera on herself to capture her struggles with chronic fatigue syndrome.
Urvi	After getting tricked into working at a brothel, a medical student joins forces with two of her co-workers to fight their unscrupulous exploiters.
Disjointed	Pot activist Ruth Whitefeather Feldman runs a medical marijuana dispensary while encouraging her loyal patients to chill out and enjoy the high life.
Milada	Politician and human rights campaigner Milada Horáková battles against all odds to defend her beliefs in a Czechoslovakia under Communist rule.
The Man Who Would Be Polka King	This irreverent documentary reveals how charming entertainer Jan Lewan bilked investors out of millions in a complicated investment scam.
The Polka King	Determined to make it big in America, Polish-born bandleader Jan Lewan draws his fans into a Ponzi scheme in this comedy based on a true story.
The Reservoir Game	An investigative reporter seeks to expose the whereabouts of a slush fund belonging to the former president of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak.
Tom Segura: Disgraceful	Tom Segura gives voice to the sordid thoughts you'd never say out loud, with blunt musings on porn, parking lot power struggles, parenthood and more.
Dayveon	Following the shooting death of his older brother, a depressed and aimless 13-year-old boy falls in with a gang in rural Arkansas.
Alejandro Riaño: Especial de stand up	Colombian comedian Alejandro Riaño discusses the perks of dating a she-wolf, styles of dancing, the quirks of Bogotá men and soccer game announcers.
In The Deep	With little oxygen left in their scuba tanks, two sisters are trapped in a shark cage at the bottom of the ocean while great whites circle nearby.
On Yoga The Architecture of Peace	Based on photographer Michael O’Neill’s book of the same name, this documentary traces the author’s 10-year journey through the landscape of yoga.
Alien Contact: Outer Space	This fact-based account delves into humankind's efforts to gather signals from possible intelligent beings beyond the solar system.
The House Next Door	"In this Hindi version of ""Aval,"" a young couple's relationship is shaken to its core when a mysterious and troubled family moves into the neighborhood."
The Conjuring	Based on true events, this spine-chiller tells the story of a New England family who begins having encounters with spirits in their farmhouse.
The Tudors	All the splendor and scandal of England's 16th-century royal court comes to life in this series that follows notorious Tudor monarch Henry VIII.
Tundukkan Playboy Itu	Under pressure from his parents to settle down, a pleasure-seeking playboy falls for a woman who's like nobody he's ever met.
Episodes	Hoping to create an American version of their hit British sitcom, two screenwriters run into cultural obstacles, starting with the lead character.
House of Z	Featuring archival footage and exclusive interviews, this documentary looks at the rise, fall and comeback of charismatic fashion designer Zac Posen.
Before I Wake	Still mourning the death of their son, Mark and Jessie welcome foster child Cody into their lives. Soon they discover he has a strange ability.
Devilman Crybaby	With demons reawakened and humanity in turmoil, a sensitive demon-boy is led into a brutal, degenerate war against evil by his mysterious friend, Ryo.
Don Quixote: The Ingenious Gentleman of La Mancha	In this modern adaptation of a Spanish classic, an eccentric, elderly gentleman sets out with his honest sidekick to right the wrongs of the world.
Haunters: The Art of the Scare	This documentary takes us into the world of those who create horror simulations for willing audiences, and examines the culture they have spawned.
Mustang Island	After being dumped on New Year's Eve, Bill pursues his ex-girlfriend to an off-season Gulf Coast beach town, but things get complicated along the way.
The Jack King Affair	This documentary explores a bold World War II operation in which an MI5 agent infiltrated a fascist network to intercept stolen documents.
Aajcha Divas Majha	A conscientious politician helps an elderly singer overcome the obstacles placed in his path a by a powerful bureaucracy.
Aata Pita	A municipal clerk with literary ambitions stalks a loan recovery officer on whom he has decided to base his story's central character.
AlphaGo	"Seemingly simple but deceptively complex, the game of ""Go"" serves as the backdrop for this battle between artificial intelligence and man."
Badha	A young woman who is suspected of practicing black magic and witchcraft is demonized and forced to live apart from her family.
Camp Cool Kids	A young boy attends summer camp, where he overcomes his fears, stands up to bullies and learns important lessons about faith and life.
Chittagong	In the turbulent 1930s of British colonial India, a teenager joins a ragtag army of schoolboys determined to overthrow their foreign conquerors.
Devrai	After science student Shesh Shahi – a shy eccentric with a strange connection to nature – is examined by a team of mental hospital doctors, a gripping portrait of schizophrenia emerges.
Dexter	By day, mild-mannered Dexter is a blood-spatter analyst for the Miami police. But at night, he is a serial killer who only targets other murderers.
Dries	This documentary explores the intense passion and distinctive talent that make Dries Van Noten one of the most unique fashion designers in the world.
Eastsiders	Cal turns to his friends for help through a hilariously dark time when he discovers that his partner Thom's been cheating on him.
Empire of Scents	This documentary explores the extent to which our sense of smell directs our survival instincts and enriches our sensual experiences.
Eve's Apple	Interviews with global policymakers and girls in Gambia and Kenya detail the horrors of female genital mutilation and the growing efforts to end it.
Fandry	Spunky, lower-caste lad Jabya falls for lovely, upper-caste Shalu. But his family's derided social position proves a stubborn stumbling block to love.
Frasier	Frasier Crane is a snooty but lovable Seattle psychiatrist who dispenses advice on his call-in radio show while ignoring it in his own relationships.
Fullmetal Alchemist	Brothers Edward and Alphonse use alchemy to resurrect their mother, but they unleash a chemical reaction that tears apart their bodies.
Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood	After both suffer physical damage – brothers Edward and Alphonse battle nefarious forces to try to reclaim their bodies in this supernatural anime.
Functional Fitness	This documentary explores the challenging, transformative world of high-intensity fitness programs through the eyes of the people who've embraced them.
Green White Green (And All the Beautiful Colours in My Mosaic of Madness)	Three young Nigerian bohemians, each from one of the country's major ethnic groups, explore the directions in which their lives could go.
Happy Hunting	On the run from his meth-dealing employers, a drifter with a drinking problem becomes prey in a desert town's twisted hunting contest.
Heartthrob	A shy, brilliant boy and a popular girl fall into an unexpected romance. But as their bond deepens, his attraction begins taking on dark overtones.
Hridaynath	A schoolteacher known for his good deeds and benevolence takes a walk on the dark side after undergoing a heart transplant.
Hum Aapke Hain Koun	Although Nisha falls for Prem, she agrees to marry his older brother for the good of their families. But fate may have other plans for the lovebirds.
Hum Saath-Saath Hain	A scheming matriarch plots to cut off her disabled stepson and his wife from the family fortune, creating a division within the clan.
Huntik: Secrets and Seekers	A high school student searching for his missing father joins a secret group known as the Seekers, who ally with aliens to protect the world from evil.
Ideachi Kalpana	After an actor is hit by a car driven by the police commissioner's sister, his scheming brother-in-law files a bogus suit against the commissioner.
Jora 10 Numbaria	The wounds of a traumatic childhood and a corrupt, unjust system push a young man into becoming a cold-blooded, ruthless gangster.
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never	Teen idol Justin Bieber provides personal snapshots from throughout his career, culminating with scenes from his triumphant 2010 concert tour.
Kay Dyache Bola	Wrongfully accused of murder, two students' last hope lies with their defense attorney, an inexperienced bumbler who's never even tried a case.
Lovesick	In his quest for true love, Dylan found chlamydia. Joined by friends Evie and Luke, he relives past encounters as he notifies all his former partners.
Maacher Jhol	On his first visit to his home city of Kolkata in 13 years, a Paris-based chef is faced with a cooking challenge that will change his life forever.
Maddman: The Steve Madden Story	This documentary chronicles the rise of the footwear designer behind a billion-dollar empire and his subsequent comeback after a financial scandal.
Maine Pyar Kiya	When the son of a wealthy businessman and the daughter of a struggling engineer fall in love, the young man's parents question the girl's motives.
Martin Luther: The Idea that Changed the World	"This docudrama tells the dramatic story of the monk who took on the Catholic Church, tracing his life before and after the contentious ""95 Theses."""
Maza Pati Karodpati	An orphan girl who has ambitions of marrying a rich man changes her identity to win the heart of a prominent businessman's son.
Mi Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy	After a disgruntled man blames his Marathi heritage for his lack of his success, he is visited by Shivaji, a great medieval Marathi king.
Monster High: Escape from Skull Shores	A swanky cruise veers off course for Lagoona and her friends when they're left stranded on Skull Shores, an island with a notorious beast.
Monster High: Friday Night Frights	In their bid to win the Skulltimate Roller Maze championship, Monster High loses its star players, Clawd and Deuce, to injury.
Monster High: Fright On!	Big changes are afoot at Monster High when administrators announce a merger with two other schools, designed to bring all monsters together.
Monster High: Frights, Camera, Action!	Draculaura is whisked to Transylvania to be crowned vampire queen, but when she learns she's been duped, the search is on for the true royal heir.
Monster High: Why Do Ghouls Fall in Love?	Draculaura's ghoulfriends have some suspicions about one of her two persistent suitors – but can they stop him before he steals her un-beating heart?
Not Alone	An 18-year-old struggling to understand her best friend's suicide talks to teenagers who have grappled with mental illness and suicidal thoughts.
Now More Than Ever: The History of Chicago	This rockumentary tells the behind-the-scenes story of the Hall-of-Fame band Chicago, from their jazz-rock fusion roots to chart-topping pop hits.
Nymphomaniac: Volume 1	A self-diagnosed nymphomaniac reveals a lifetime of sexual experiences to a man who saves her from being beaten in an alley.
Planetarium	In pre-World War II France, two sisters purport to be able to communicate with the dead and soon catch the eye of an ambitious filmmaker.
Pokémon: Indigo League	Explore the world of Pokémon with 10-year-old Ash Ketchum and his partner, Pikachu, as they aim for Ash's ultimate goal: becoming a Pokémon master.
Residente	The results of a DNA test spur Puerto Rican rap icon Residente to set out on a global voyage in search of his roots and fresh musical inspiration.
Sanai Choughade	In an effort to honor the family matriarch's dying wish, Urmila and her husband, Shrikant, embark on a quest to find a husband for charismatic yet choosey Sai. But some things are easier said than done.
Shahanpan Dega Deva	At large in the city, five inmates of a mental asylum run up against the insanity of the outside world while trying to prevent a terrorist plot.
Super Dark Times	A tragic accident drives a wedge between two teenage boys, threatening a friendship that had seemed firm and unshakeable.
The Age of Shadows	Formerly a Korean resistance fighter, a policeman working for Japan is tasked with tracking down resistance leaders before they acquire explosives.
The Arbitration	An arbitration panel is formed after a company CEO in Nigeria is sued for wrongful dismissal and rape by an employee with whom he had an affair.
The Damned Rain	An optimistic farmer is determined to succeed in spite of the lack of rain in his region, and the sinking spirits around him.
The Frozen Dead	A grisly find atop a mountain in the French Pyrenees leads investigator Martin Servaz into a twisted dance with a serial killer in this icy thriller.
The Inbetweeners	This rib-tickling series follows four English lads as they try – and fail spectacularly – to navigate the wretched no-man's land of adolescence.
The Rehearsal	A drama student is torn between creative possibility and ethical boundaries when his girlfriend's family gets caught up in a sex scandal.
The Trigger Effect	When a power failure throws their suburban town into chaos, Matthew and his wife stoop to desperate measures to secure medication for their child.
The Vault	A bank heist takes an unnerving turn when the three sibling robbers attempt to gain entrance into an subterranean vault with sinister secrets.
Time Please	Personality differences, an old friend and a past flame poke holes in the way a husband and wife perceive their marriage.
Treasures from the Wreck of the Unbelievable	This cinematic journey into the waters off East Africa chronicles the story behind artist Damien Hirst's massive exhibition of oceanic treasures.
We Speak Dance	Trained dancer Vandana Hart travels the world to learn traditional and urban dance styles from the local experts who know them best.
Yanda Kartavya Aahe	Thanks to an arranged marriage that was designed to make an ailing grandmother happy, newlyweds Rahul and Swati are virtually strangers. Can a four-day honeymoon make a difference when it comes to the couple's feelings about each other?
Bat Pat	A curious and talkative bat finds spooky fun on the streets of Fogville, a town that's not as quiet as it seems, with a plucky girl and her brothers.
Blurred Lines: Inside the Art World	Artists and industry insiders shed light on the commercial forces behind the veneer of genius and glamour that often shrouds contemporary art.
Born Strong	Four 400-pound giants fight for the crown at the Arnold Strongman Classic and offer a glimpse into their lives leading up to the competition.
Dave Chappelle: Equanimity & The Bird Revelation	Comedy titan Dave Chappelle caps a wild year with two stand-up specials packed with scorching new material, self-reflection and tough love.
El Chavo	El Chavo is a poor, nameless orphan who lives in an apartment building with La Chilindrina, Quico, Doña Florinda, Don Ramón and Professor Jirafales.
Elles étaient en guerre (1914-1918)	Trace the overlapping journeys of exceptional women swept up in World War I and hear their tales of bravery on history's front lines.
Elles ont toutes une histoire	From Asia, Africa and Latin America, five women share extraordinary stories of strength and determination in the face of violence and inequality.
Fun Mom Dinner	Four preschool moms with little in common need a night out to take a break from their kids. But one thing leads to another, and things get rowdy.
Geronimo Stilton	With the help of brainy and adventurous sidekicks, New Mouse City's favorite journalist investigates mysteries that take him around the world,
Ghost House	While visiting the site of a supernatural shrine in the Thai countryside, a vacationing couple unwittingly upsets a vengeful demon.
La Familia P. Luche	This irreverent sitcom featues Ludovico, Federica and their three children Bibi, Junior and Ludoviquito, living in Ciudad P. Luche.
Lo que la vida me robó	In seaside Aguazul, beautiful Montserrat and her wily mother tangle with lovers, gangsters, financial ruin, obsession – and murder.
Numbered	Guided by survivors' testimonies, this documentary explores the history and meaning of the numbers tattooed on the bodies of Auschwitz prisoners.
Rebelde	Six students at an exclusive prep school, some on scholarship, discover that music can close the class divide.
Rubi	Ruby, jealous of her wealthy best friend Maribel, cooks up a scheme to marry a millionaire. Hector, Maribel's boyfriend, is her target.
Teresa	We all want so much more than we have, but how far are we willing to go to get it?
Twice	This documentary reenacts the experiences of late activist Tsutomu Yamaguchi, a survivor of both atomic bombings on Japan in 1945.
You Can Tutu	A gifted young ballet dancer struggles to find her footing in an uptight ballet school that brings her and her family to a brand-new neighborhood.
Goon: Last of the Enforcers	Injury and family push hockey player Doug Glatt into retirement, but his plans change when his beloved former team appoints his nemesis as captain.
La Mante	Decades after her capture, a serial killer offers to help solve a string of copycat murders – but only if her son, now a cop, will work by her side.
Shelter	A forensic psychiatrist has to think outside the box when she takes on a patient whose multiple personalities lead to a trail of murder victims.
The Climb	A young Senegalese-French man from humble roots sets out to climb Mount Everest to impress the woman he loves – and slowly becomes a media sensation.
The Real Football Factories	Examine the troubling history of football hooliganism and hear from real hooligans about their bitter rivalries and rowdiest brawls.
Wadi	After the death of his father, a passive and good-natured teenager named Wadi struggles with family, work and love.
Bibi & Tina: Tohuwabohu Total	Teen witch Bibi and her pal Tina return to the screen to reconcile a runaway girl with her narrow-minded family and save Falkenstein Castle from chaos.
Pusher	In this remake of a 1996 Danish thriller, a drug pusher incurs his suppliers' wrath when he gets busted and is left without the money he owes.
Towies	Australia's toughest tow truck operators work to keep Queensland's streets clear of overturned semis and other automotive disasters.
Mr. Roosevelt	A struggling comedian returns to Austin, Texas, to see her ailing cat and face her messy past – while staying with her ex and his new girlfriend.
Todd Barry: Spicy Honey	With bone-dry wit, stand-up comic Todd Barry dissects texting emergencies, Hitler's taste in wine, pricey soap, cheap pizza and much more.
Walk with Me	A community of monks in France led by Zen Buddhist master Thich Nhat Hanh offers an intimate glimpse into mindfulness practice and the monastic life.
A Gray State	This documentary dissects the case of a filmmaker whose death, along with the deaths of his wife and daughter, sparked alt-right conspiracy theories.
Part-Time Idol	After taking a break from the business, a music producer returns with a new project in mind: launching a co-ed pop idol group.
Planet Earth II	"In this sequel to the Emmy-winning ""Planet Earth"" series, viewers are treated to rich and intimate views of the natural diversity of our planet."
Creep 2	A video artist finds the perfect character for a sensational piece, but the subject of her dreams soon reveals his insidious side.
Myths & Monsters	This documentary series takes us to the mythic landscapes of Europe to explore some of most enduring legends produced by European culture.
72 Dangerous Animals: Latin America	Powerful cats, indestructible arachnids and flesh-melting pit vipers are just the beginning in this series about Latin America's deadliest creatures.
Bright	In an LA rife with interspecies tensions, a human cop and his orc partner stumble on a powerful object and become embroiled in a prophesied turf war.
Madness in the Desert	"The story of making ""Lagaan,"" one of the millennium's seminal Indian films, is told from the point of view of production team member Satyajit Bhatkal."
Desire	A young woman arrives at her estranged sister's wedding to mend fences but falls prey to lust when she meets the groom.
48 Christmas Wishes	When a small town's letters to Santa accidentally go up in smoke, two elves venture out of the North Pole to retrieve every missing wish.
Dance Academy	Fifteen-year-old Tara Webster's dream of dancing comes true when she gets into a top dance academy. She soon realizes dancing is only half the battle.
Jeremiah Tower: The Last Magnificent	This documentary profiles influential chef Jeremiah Tower, who played a pivotal role in the invention of a revolutionary new American cuisine.
Miss Me This Christmas	With their divorce set to become final on Christmas day, a couple must decide if they're really ready to throw in the towel on their relationship.
Russell Howard: Recalibrate	Self-deprecating comic Russell Howard plows ahead through politics, porn, social media and his own shortcomings. Yet he somehow keeps it positive.
The Indian Detective	In this crime dramedy, a suspended Canadian cop visits his father in Mumbai and assists in investigating a huge criminal operation with links to home.
The Women's Balcony	A conservative rabbi steps in to lead a congregation reeling from an accident, but his controversial plans incite a gender war among the congregation.
You Can’t Fight Christmas	After stepping in to revitalize his family's hotel, a money-minded businessman clashes with the hotel's cheery, Christmas-loving decorator.
Hello, My Twenties!	With different personalities, life goals and taste in men, five female college students become housemates in a shared residence called Belle Epoque.
Some Freaks	A one-eyed boy and plus-sized girl form a deep connection. But following a brief separation, they reunite as different people.
God of War	A maverick leader and a clever young general take on Japanese pirates amid bureaucratic intrigue in Ming Dynasty China.
Stoked	Six teenage groms come together one summer to share a dream: to work at the world-renowned Surfer's Paradise Resort on the legendary Sunset Island.
A.D. Kingdom and Empire	In the wake of Jesus Christ's crucifixion, his apostles dedicate themselves to spreading his message, risking their freedom and their lives.
Beyblade: Metal Fusion	"In this anime adventure series for kids, the forces of good and evil ""blade it out,"" battling each other with enchanted spinning tops."
Black	A Grim Reaper, a detective and a woman who foresees death get ensnared in matters of life and death – and dark mysteries of twenty years past.
Blackway	Menaced by a psychopath who's got the local cops scared, waitress Lillian turns to a mysterious old logger to help her turn the tables on her stalker.
Brave New Jersey	Small-town residents mistake an Orson Welles radio broadcast for news about an alien invasion and are emboldened to act as they await an apocalypse.
Breaking Free	One filmmaker’s quest to expose the human rights violations faced by India’s LGBTQ community was a project of passion seven years in the making.
Chasing Monsters	Adventurer Cyril Chauquet seeks out the most colossal and dangerous underwater creatures around the world in this adrenaline-packed series.
Cheuk Wan-Chi: Two Night Stand	Writer and stand-up comedian Cheuk Wan-chi cracks wise at the follies of single womanhood and takes on politics in Hong Kong with nuance and flair.
Christmas Inheritance	To inherit her father's company, socialite Ellen must first visit his small hometown, where she learns the value of hard work and helping others.
Dark Chocolate (Bengali Version)	In this Bangla thriller inspired by a true story, the discovery of a charred corpse in the woods leads to a high-profile murder investigation.
Discovering Bigfoot	Follow Todd Standing, Dr. Jeff Meldrum and other researchers into the wilderness, where they try to capture definitive proof of Sasquatch's existence.
Erased	After finding his mom killed, Satoru's time-traveling ability takes him back 18 years for a chance to prevent her death and those of three classmates.
Freeway: Crack in the System	"Take in the true account of drug kingpin ""Freeway"" Rick Ross's empire and how the CIA helped him fuel America's  devastating crack cocaine epidemic."
Gelo	A Punjabi woman who works on a farm must endure the difficulties of living in an oppressive class-based society and a dysfunctional community.
Kabali (Hindi Version)	In this Hindi version of the Tamil blockbuster, a Tamil gang leader in Kuala Lumpur seeks justice for crimes committed against him and his family.
Los Niños Héroes de Chapultepec	This documentary pays tribute to the young cadets who gave their lives to defend Mexico against U.S. forces during the battle of Chapultepec Castle.
Mantostaan	Four stories by writer Sadaat Hasan Manto culminate in a single gruesome drama that's set during the partitioning of the Indian subcontinent.
Mantra	An Indian business owner struggles to keep his company afloat amid global competition while trying to make up for lost time with his family.
Muramba	A young man and his parents ponder the reasons behind the recent breakdown of a relationship he was in – and the possibility of reconciliation.
Pottersville	A man's drunken romp in a gorilla suit gets him mistaken for Bigfoot, drawing media attention and tourist dollars to his struggling small town.
Reggie Yates Outside Man	Award-winning filmmaker Reggie Yates travels around the world tackling big issues such as gun violence, racism, gay rights and addiction.
Rise of the Zombie	A heartbroken wildlife photographer throws himself into his work, only to find himself experiencing strange transformations.
Seoul Searching	Teens of Korean descent who were born and raised in other countries travel to Seoul to learn about their cultural heritage at a summer camp in 1986.
Sexo, Pudor y Lagrimas	Passions flare and alliances form when neighbors Ana and Miguel each start an affair with former lovers, right under their spouses' noses.
The Windsors	The all-too-public trials and tribulations of England's royal family are reimagined as an over-the-top comedic soap opera.
Under an Arctic Sky	Six fearless surfers travel to the north coast of Iceland to ride waves unlike anything they've ever experienced, captured with high-tech cameras.
Wormwood	In this genre-bending tale, Errol Morris explores the mysterious death of a U.S. scientist entangled in a secret Cold War program known as MK-Ultra.
Halt and Catch Fire	Re-creating the dawn of the personal computer era, this digital drama tracks the fates of an industry visionary and his brilliant colleagues.
Judd Apatow: The Return	Judd Apatow returns to stand-up comedy after 25 years, riffing on living with three women, amusing moments from his career and much more.
The Trip to Spain	Comedians Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon gorge on local delicacies and celebrity impressions as they reunite for a hilarious road trip through Spain.
The Unknown Girl	A guilt-ridden doctor in a Belgian town tries to uncover the identity of a woman who died after being turned away from her office.
Viceroy's House	As viceroy Lord Mountbatten arrives in Delhi to oversee a transfer of power from Britain to India in 1947, war looms between religious factions.
Dawai Asmara	Following life-changing traumas, two girls from different backgrounds fight to discover the identities of their biological parents.
Red Christmas	A family Christmas gathering at an isolated Australian estate turns into the holiday from hell after a mysterious stranger turns up at the door.
The Hatred	Four young women head to a country house for an idyllic weekend retreat. But what lies in store for them is far from the dreamy getaway they imagined.
Delhi Belly	Three flatmates get involved in the shady business belonging to one roomie's fiancé, and discover that a global crime syndicate is gunning for them.
Dhobi Ghat (Mumbai Diaries)	In this intimate drama, circumstances draw together four people from different castes – which would normally preclude them from forming friendships.
El Camino Christmas	Stuck in a liquor store during an alleged robbery, a group of strangers shares hidden truths and forms an unexpected bond on Christmas Eve.
Jaal	When a mysterious woman hires Shankar to spy on a family, he must determine how his own father's abandonment figures into the situation.
Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na	Soft-spoken Jai and spitfire beauty Aditi couldn't be more different – but their family and friends know that they're a perfect match.
Lagaan	In 1890s India, an arrogant British commander challenges the harshly taxed residents of Champaner to a high-stakes cricket match.
Papa the Great	After witnessing a murder, a meek family man must summon his courage when he finds himself on the wrong side of a notorious gangster.
Peepli Live	Two indigent farmers consider suicide so that their families can collect a government subsidy that's paid to the relatives of deceased farmers.
Shikari	When Shankar, who performs on the road with partner Chanchal and elephant Appu, falls for a Russian circus performer, jealousies and conflicts arise.
Taare Zameen Par	When daydreamer Ishaan is sent to boarding school, an unconventional art teacher tries to help the imaginative student discover his true identity.
The Oath	The ordered life of a Reykjavik heart surgeon unravels when his daughter descends into a life of drugs and crime thanks to a sinister boyfriend.
The Secret	An assembly of writers, philosophers and scientists share The Secret, which reputedly brought success to Plato, da Vinci, Einstein and other greats.
Trolls Holiday Special	When Queen Poppy realizes that Bridget and the Bergens don't have any holidays, she hatches a plan for Branch and the Snack Pack to help create one.
Craig Ferguson: Tickle Fight	Cheeky comic Craig Ferguson keeps it casual as he discusses '70s porn, Japanese toilets and his mildly crime-filled days as a talk show host.
Borderline	A team of inept border agents tackles immigration issues at the fictional Northend Airport in this improvised mockumentary series.
Jab Harry Met Sejal	A philandering tour guide in Europe begins to develop feelings for one of his clients while helping her search for her lost engagement ring.
Temple	Three unsuspecting American tourists visit a mysterious mountain shrine in Japan despite uncanny warnings from local inhabitants to stay away.
A StoryBots Christmas	Bo thinks her holiday gift-giving isn't good enough, so she heads north to study under Santa Claus – only to find he's missing.
All Hail King Julien	In this Emmy winner for Outstanding Children's Animated Program, Madagascar booty-shaker King Julien takes on the jungle’s craziest adventures.
Atomic Puppet	Captain Atomic – once a superhero, now a sock puppet – can only activate his powers with the help of Joey, his new partner and biggest fan.
Bhouri	A 23-year-old girl who's married to a man more than twice her age is forced to contend with the predatory nature of a male-dominated society.
Cheapest Weddings	Couples on a tiny budget try to ensure that the day of their wedding turns out to be the magical experience they always dreamed it would be.
Dhia Sofea	After discovering that she was adopted as an infant, a young woman embarks on a perilous quest to connect with her biological mother.
Diana: In Her Own Words	Featuring archival footage and personal recordings, this documentary offers candid insight into the life of the beloved princess.
Dream Boat	On a cruise for gay men, five passengers of different nationalities take a break from their families and cultures to party and reflect on life.
DreamWorks Home: For the Holidays	Oh takes it upon himself to introduce Christmas joy to his fellow Boovs. Unfortunately, his well-meaning mission nearly destroys the city.
Eh Janam Tumhare Lekhe	Driven by the lessons he learned from his mother, and the values of the Sikh religion, a man sets out on a mission to serve humanity.
Forbidden Games: The Justin Fashanu Story	This documentary chronicles the tragic, true story of Justin Fashanu, the first – and only – openly gay man to have played professional soccer.
Hisss	In a plot to bait the snake-goddess Nagin for her immortality-granting essence, George States journeys to India and abducts her reptilian lover.
Kantaro: The Sweet Tooth Salaryman	Elite publishing sales rep Kantaro wraps up his client visits in record time so he can secretly pursue his quest to indulge in the tastiest of sweets.
Monster Island	When a teenager discovers he's not really human, he ventures out to a remote island to explore his roots and confronts a series of wild challenges.
My Happy Family	A middle-aged wife and mother of two shocks her traditional, multigenerational Georgian household when she announces she's going to live by herself.
Oggy and the Cockroaches	Wimpy blue cat Oggy would like nothing more than to snooze, but he's constantly bothered by the three ugly cockroaches who have invaded his home.
Padamu Aku Bersujud	The son of poor farmers leaves his village to seek his fortune in Kuala Lumpur, where he meets a young woman who's also trying to better her life.
Playing for Time	Captured by Nazis and sent to Auschwitz, a Jewish musician is assigned to soothe other prisoners marching to their deaths in the gas chambers.
Prague	The chaotic ramblings of a young architect's mind take hold of his life as he leaves behind his past in India to work in Prague.
Sardaar ji	When a palatial wedding venue turns out to be haunted, one of the families hosting the wedding hires a fearless Sikh to deal with the ghost.
Soul Eater	Maka and the other students at the Death Weapon Meister Academy must kill 99 evil humans and one witch, absorbing their spirits when they die.
Super Wings	A cheerful jet and his transforming pals strive to find peaceful solutions to their problems while delivering packages to children around the globe.
Tezz	This high-octane thriller tells the story of a man on a mission to reclaim what was taken from him and the agent who's determined to stop him.
The Jaime Maussan Show	Mexican journalist and UFO investigator Jaime Maussan travels the world collecting evidence and firsthand accounts of extraterrestrial phenomena.
The Legend of 420	This documentary explores the growing trend of marijuana decriminalization in the U.S. and the use of cannabis in medicine, art, fine dining and more.
The Worthy	In the near future, with civilization a thing of the past, a man puts his family in peril when he reluctantly lets outsiders into his compound.
TURN: Washington's Spies	Set in 1778, this period drama recounts the story of Abe Woodhull, an American cabbage farmer obliged to begin spying on the British enemy.
Voyeur	Legendary journalist Gay Talese unmasks a motel owner who spied on his guests for decades. But his bombshell story soon becomes a scandal of its own.
Zig & Sharko	Zig, an island-bound hyena, will do anything to get his paws on Marina the mermaid, but her devoted pal Sharko always comes to her rescue in time.
Man Down	A childish idiot trapped in an adult's body, schoolteacher Dan hates his job, hates his girlfriend-less life and has good reason to fear his dad.
Good Morning Call	A high school girl finally gets her own apartment, but she has to share it with the most popular boy in school. No one can know they're living together.
Broadchurch	After a young boy is murdered in the small seaside town of Broadchurch, local detectives Ellie Miller and Alec Hardy are assigned the mysterious case.
Poster Boys	Three men are stunned to find their faces on a poster promoting vasectomies, and must prove to their upset loved ones that they're innocent victims.
Perú: Tesoro escondido	It's a country steeped in cultural traditions that stretch back more than 1,000 years. But Peru is also a land of surprising natural riches.
Bushwick	When their diverse neighborhood is besieged by a mysterious militia, a grad student and an ex-Marine become an unlikely team in a battle for survival.
Cuba and the Cameraman	Emmy-winning filmmaker Jon Alpert chronicles the fortunes of three Cuban families over the course of four tumultuous decades in the nation's history.
The Girl from the Song	When an aspiring musician falls for a carefree college student, he follows her to the Nevada desert to declare his love to her and find himself.
The Many Faces of Ito	A jaded rom-com screenwriter in her 30s mines four love-sick women for their stories under the guise of providing them with romantic advice.
Trailer Park Boys: Out of the Park: USA	The boys are back on the loose as Bubbles, Julian and Ricky head south of the Canadian border for some outrageous American adventures.
Bright: The Music Videos	"Explore the hit songs from the Will Smith film ""Bright"" in these music videos from Machine Gun Kelly, Bastille, Logic, Migos and friends."
Deep	After accidentally trapping his family in their underwater home, a young octopus and his ocean-dwelling buddies search for help far across the sea.
Argon	In a world filled with provocative (and often misleading) news, a passionate team of investigative TV reporters strives to bring truths to light.
Barbra: The Music ... The Mem'ries ... The Magic!	Iconic songstress Barbra Streisand culminates her 13-city tour in Miami with dazzling ballads, Broadway standards and stories from behind the scenes.
Godless	A ruthless outlaw terrorizes the West in search of a former member of his gang, who’s found a new life in a quiet town populated only by women.
Beat Bugs: All Together Now	"After winning a local talent show, the Beat Bugs journey to compete on ""The Bug Factor,"" a televised singing contest held in faraway Rocket Ship Park."
Brian Regan: Nunchucks and Flamethrowers	Brian Regan takes relatable family humor to new heights as he talks board games, underwear elastic and looking for hot dogs in all the wrong places.
Saving Capitalism	Former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich meets with Americans from all walks of life as he chronicles a seismic shift in the nation's economy.
The Case for Christ	Bothered by his wife's unyielding belief in Christianity, an investigative reporter sets out to use verifiable facts to poke holes in her faith.
The Prison	A cop-turned-convict discovers a crime syndicate inside a prison lorded over by an inmate crime boss – and joins in on their nightly heists.
A Christmas Prince	Christmas comes early for an aspiring young journalist when she's sent abroad to get the scoop on a dashing prince who's poised to be king.
Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond - Featuring a Very Special, Contractually Obligated Mention of Tony Clifton	Through the lens of his stunningly immersive performance as Andy Kaufman, Jim Carrey ponders the meaning of life, reality, identity and career.
Krish Trish and Baltiboy: Face Your Fears	In three tales about fear, a baby elephant gets captured by a circus, two boys enter a haunted house and a parrot faces his fear of flying.
Longmire	This contemporary crime thriller focuses on a Wyoming sheriff who's rebuilding his life and career following the death of his wife.
Luna Petunia	With help from her magic toy chest, fun-loving Luna Petunia enters the fantastic land of Amazia, where adventures, friendship and learning await.
Mudbound	Two Mississippi families – one black, one white – confront the brutal realities of prejudice, farming and friendship in a divided World War II era.
Santa Claws	When a gift sack full of kittens gives Santa a bad allergic reaction, the kitties have to take over and deliver the presents on time.
Shot in the Dark	Three rival freelance stringers scour the streets at night to film crime scenes, fires, accidents – and anything else they can sell to news outlets.
A Flying Jatt	A timid man gets unexpected superpowers while trying to save his family's land and a sacred tree from a ruthless tycoon.
Chuck Chicken	On the island of Rocky Perch, security company owner Chuck Adoodledoo and his friends provide kung fu-style protection for their fellow bird citizens.
Lucky: No Time for Love	During an uprising in Russia's St. Petersburg, teen girl Lucky meets handsome Aditya, the Indian ambassador's son, and together they flee the chaos.
The Irregular at Magic High School	Siblings Tatsuya and Miyuki enroll at Magic High School, where Miyuki's honors status comes between her and her underachieving older brother.
The Method	An ambitious young law enforcement graduate is thrilled when her idol takes her on as a trainee. But his methods aren't anything like she imagined.
DeRay Davis: How to Act Black	Dynamic comic DeRay Davis hits the stage like a ball of fire, nailing the finer points of living, dating and handling show business as a black man.
Hickok	"While serving as the marshal of rowdy Abilene, Kansas, ""Wild Bill"" Hickok uses guns and gall to tidy up the lawless frontier town."
Chasing Trane	Featuring interviews, insights and archival footage, this documentary aims to reveal how historical events shaped the music of John Coltrane.
Long Time Running	This documentary follows the 2016 tour of beloved rock band The Tragically Hip as they make their way across Canada one last time.
Bon Cop Bad Cop 2	Two veteran buddy cops are back for a second chapter, this time to tackle a car theft ring that turns out to be much more than they bargained for.
Bill Burr: Let It Go	The musings of comedian Bill Burr are let loose in this special, which was filmed at the historic Fillmore Auditorium in San Francisco.
Blazing Transfer Students	Featuring the boys of Johnny's West, a gang of zany transfer students are recruited for a mysterious mission ordained by their shadowy principal.
Glitter Force Doki Doki	Four girls summon their inner superheroes to defend Earth and the magical kingdom of Splendorius from King Mercenare and his minions.
Lady Dynamite	Comedian Maria Bamford stars in a series inspired by her own life. It's the sometimes surreal story of a woman who loses – and then finds – her s**t.
Mea Culpa	Raw and outspoken, comedian Alexis de Anda bares her soul about weddings, exercise, sex, gynecologists, drugs and much more in this stand-up special.
Natalia Valdebenito: Gritona	Chile's Natalia Valdebenito hits Santiago's Teatro Caupolicán with a one-woman show steeped in irony, a dash of improv and her own personal style.
The Killer	In lawless badlands, reclusive Cabeleira sets out to discover the fate of his gunman father and grows to be a feared assassin himself.
Fate/Apocrypha	The theft of the Greater Grail from Fuyuki City leads to a splintered timeline in which the Great Holy Grail War is waged on an unprecedented scale.
Jerry Seinfeld: Comedian	Christian Charles's documentary follows established comedian Jerry Seinfeld and up-and-comer Orny Adams as they navigate the stand-up circuit.
P. King Duckling	P. King, the daring but hapless duck, teams up with best buddies Wombat and Chumpkins to find wacky and wild ways to solve their problems.
Project Mc²	Teenage spy McKeyla teams up with three other super-smart girls to become secret agents who use their science and tech skills to save the day.
The Journey Is the Destination	Spirited 22-year-old activist and photojournalist Dan Eldon rushes to the frontline of a dangerous relief effort for Somalian refugees in this biopic.
Let It Fall: Los Angeles 1982-1992	This documentary chronicles simmering tension and broken trust between L.A.'s black community and police in the decade before the Rodney King riots.
Mubarakan	Chaos ensues after two orphaned twin brothers raised apart team up with their eccentric, unmarried uncle to find a solution to their romantic woes.
Williams	This inspiring documentary charts the birth of Sir Frank Williams's renowned racing empire – and the near-fatal crash that nearly stalled its future.
Akulah Balqis	A little girl must enter an orphanage after her parents are arrested, but her life takes a dramatic turn when she escapes and meets a model.
Alias Grace	In 19th-century Canada, a psychiatrist weighs whether a murderess should be pardoned due to insanity. Based on Margaret Atwood's award-winning novel.
6-5=2	Six friends decide to undertake a grueling mountain trek, only to find that the difficulties in store for them are not merely physical.
Bandie	Heirless Maharaj Brajbhan leaves his throne to his cousin Vikram, but when Brajbhan's wife, Badi Rani, finally conceives, Vikram plots to destroy her.
Beiimaan Love	After having her heart broken by a man who seduced her at a party, a young, ambitious woman concocts a scheme to get revenge.
Coffee with D	Low TV ratings drive a well-known journalist to concoct a plan to interview a notorious underworld figure who is also a suspected terrorist.
Getaway Plan	Professional burglar and blowtorch expert Víctor is recruited by the Russian mafia to break into a vault as part of an elaborate bank heist.
Golden Time	In the 1980s, a recently discarded television set from the 1960s refuses to accept its fate and tries to break out of the junkyard.
Grand Hotel	To learn the truth about his sister's mysterious disappearance, a young man infiltrates a hotel in the guise of a footman and begins an investigation.
Hajwala: The Missing Engine	A competitive streetcar racer's obsession with winning drive him to develop a vehicle with an innovative engine that's never been used before.
Hitler's Steel Beast	Trace the history of Hitler's armored private train, a 15-car mobile headquarters boasting state-of-the-art communications and anti-aircraft cannons.
Kacche Dhaagey	While visiting India for her cousin's wedding, a Canadian girl develops strong feelings for a boy from a lower caste.
Kis Kisko Pyaar Karoon	A man's decision to marry three women, to keep them from committing suicide, complicates his relationship with his girlfriend.
Moor	A railway stationmaster tries to cope with his wife's death, his estrangement from his son and the corrupt world in which he lives.
My Life My Story	Host RJ Anmol conducts in-depth interviews with prominent Indian celebrities, who share the stories that lie behind their successes and failures.
One Heart: The A.R. Rahman Concert Film	In this concert film, Indian musical maestro A.R. Rahman performs 15 of his most popular songs and reveals himself through interviews and clips.
Pettersson and Findus 2	Christmas is just around the corner, but Pettersson and Findus are worried the snowy weather (and lack of a tree) may keep them from celebrating.
Punjab 1984	During a time of political turmoil, a mother goes on a journey in search of her missing son, who has been misjudged and labeled a terrorist.
Rivaaz	In a village where girls are auctioned off rather than married, a man falls in love with a girl who is about to face the bidders.
Romeo Ranjha	Two common boys travel from India to Thailand to find success and money, enjoying their friendship and finding ways to cheat the cheats.
Roots	This documentary explores the rich heritage of Indian classical music and the reasons behind its modern decline in popularity.
Savage Dog	A former professional boxer serving time in a brutal labor camp must fight incredible odds to gain his freedom and avenge an act of violence.
Stranger	With the help of a gutsy female detective, a prosecutor who has lost the ability to feel empathy tackles a murder case amid political corruption.
That '70s Show	Feel groovy in 1970s suburbia, where a teen and his pals hang in the basement, listening to rock and indulging other hazy benefits of '70s culture.
The Bittersweet	As a killer stalks the streets, a troubled young courier suspects that a doctor may be the long-lost sister he hasn't seen since childhood.
The Family Court	Five lawyers from different firms develop a strong bond of friendship that is occasionally tested by their court cases and growing romantic feelings.
The Golden Path	A single mother of five struggles for decades to forge a successful business empire, only to see her family descend into animosity and betrayal.
The Little Nyonya	An orphaned Chinese woman in Singapore refuses to yield to her lowly station in life, setting her family on a tumultuous course for generations.
The Mind of a Chef	Producer and narrator Anthony Bourdain explores the creative processes of international celebrity chefs to learn what fuels their culinary artistry.
The Truth	A devious businessman covets his partner's priceless treasure map, while a related murder case calls into question some biological family ties.
Together	Spanning 30 years, a group of dedicated and diverse friends experiences happiness and hardship in a newly independent Singapore.
Top Boy	In this gritty, stylish drama series, two London drug dealers ply their lucrative trade at a public housing estate in North London.
Trip to Bhangarh: Asia's Most Haunted Place	To amuse themselves, six college friends decide to pay a visit to a fortress believed by some to be the most haunted place in Asia.
Undercover Grandpa	Jake's date with his dream girl takes a turn when she disappears, and Jake's grandpa – a former intelligence officer – sets out to find her.
Waarrior Savitri	In a modern adaptation of a mythological tale, a devoted wife is willing to do whatever it takes to rescue her husband from the clutches of death.
Warehoused	A soon-to-be-retiring Mr. Lino teaches 20-something Nin the strict rules of his new warehouse job in this dramedy about the absurdities of work life.
Yaara O Dildaara	The patriarch of a wealthy family with one industrious son and one who's a playboy arranges for the marriage of one to the woman the other loves.
Judah Friedlander: America Is the Greatest Country in the United States	Deadpan comic and self-proclaimed world champion Judah Friedlander performs over several nights in New York, explaining why America is No. 1.
The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman's Portrait Photography	Filmmaker Errol Morris probes the life, work and studio of his pal Elsa Dorfman, a Polaroid photographer who's shot luminaries and regular folk alike.
Zumbo's Just Desserts	Dessert wizard Adriano Zumbo looks for the next “Willy Wonka” in this tense competition that finds skilled amateurs competing for a $100,000 prize.
SPF-18	The arrival of an enigmatic struggling musician in Malibu shakes the ground beneath the feet of a teenage girl and her surfer boyfriend.
Pup Star: Better 2Gether	Returning Pup Star champ Tiny has her Yorkie paws full after an evil rival replaces her with street dog Scrappy during the national competition.
Beyond Stranger Things	"Secrets from the ""Stranger Things 2"" universe are revealed as cast and guests discuss the latest episodes with host Jim Rash. Caution: spoilers ahead!"
Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold	Literary icon Joan Didion reflects on her remarkable career and personal struggles in this intimate documentary directed by her nephew, Griffin Dunne.
Strange Weather	A grieving mother takes a road trip with her friend to confront the man who, she believes, stole her late son's business idea to get rich.
Meet the Trumps: From Immigrant to President	Learn about Donald Trump's family history, including his immigrant grandfather's gold-rush enterprises and his dad's development of a property empire.
The Hateful Eight	Years after the Civil War, a bounty hunter and his captive are waylaid by a Wyoming blizzard and hole up in a way station with six dicey strangers.
Jack Whitehall: At Large	Comedian Jack Whitehall takes the stage to tell stories about drinking, drugs, a Google Maps van and his ongoing rivalry with Robert Pattinson.
The Mist	Trapped by a mysterious fog, residents of a Maine village discover that it hides nightmarish creatures. A new series based on Stephen King's novella.
W1A	The new Head of Values at the BBC deals with redefining the company's purpose, events like the arrival of Prince Charles and issues with new programs.
While We're Young	A documentary filmmaker struggling with a creative block meets a vibrant young hipster couple who, initially, bring new energy into his life and work.
Aashayein	When he learns he has terminal cancer, a cynical gambler and chronic smoker ditches his fiancée, snubs doctors and checks into a nursing home to die.
Bhool Bhulaiyaa	Siddharth dismisses warnings that his palace might be haunted, until ghostly occurrences force him to reconsider his beliefs.
Humko Deewana Kar Gaye	Two kindred spirits who are betrothed to others must decide whether to go through with arranged marriages or brush aside convention for true love.
Kajraare	A popular singer on the run poses as a bartender and falls in love with a prostitute, but their love is threatened by a violent incident in his past.
Karzzzz	When flashbacks reveal that he's the reincarnation of a man murdered by his wife, rock star Monty sets out to get revenge for the decades-old crime.
Patiala House	A talented young Indian cricket player must defy his father's wishes to play for the side of England, a rebellion his siblings quietly cheer.
Ready	Bollywood superstar Salman Khan plays Prem, an heir to a perfume fortune who falls in love with the wrong woman in this romantic comedy.
The Liar	At the CARE detective agency, investigators see a lot of action but must always keep their cases secret, even when it affects their personal lives.
Haters Back Off	Determined to make it big, the confident but clueless Miranda Sings embarks on an unlikely quest for fame in this offbeat comedy.
Miss Representation	Explore how the mainstream media's often disparaging portrayals of women contribute to the under-representation of females in positions of leadership.
One of Us	In the wake of trauma and abuse, three Hasidic Jews face ostracism, anxiety and danger as they attempt to leave their ultra-Orthodox community.
The Day I Met El Chapo	Mexican superstar actress Kate del Castillo reveals the untold story of her encounter with El Chapo Guzmán, the world’s most-wanted drug lord.
Wheelman	The getaway driver in a botched robbery puts his skills and smarts to the test when he receives shocking orders from an unknown caller.
Wedding Unplanned	Mathias's girlfriend finds a business card for a wedding planner in his pocket. Suddenly, he's engaged and hiring his lover to plan the big day!
El Viaje: Márama y Rombai	Popular South American bands Márama and Rombai share footage of behind-the-scenes antics and discuss their sudden rise to stardom.
Patton Oswalt: Annihilation	By turns scathing and candid, Patton Oswalt reflects on the glut of comic material in the Trump era and the dark days following a personal tragedy.
Baadshaho	In 1975, during the government-declared Emergency, thief Bhawani and his crew plan a daring robbery to reclaim his royal lover's seized treasures.
Closed Circuit	Martin and Claudia, top-flight lawyers who happen to be former lovers, become targets when they're teamed up to defend a notorious terrorist.
Footprints in the Sand	Familial bonds strain as dramas concerning love, greed, business and generosity simmer across generations.
In Laws	Once domineered by her own mother, a well-meaning matriarch has trouble being lax with her children, especially when her daughter-in-law moves in.
La Femme	Personal desires guide the lives of a marriage-averse entrepreneur, a housewife coping with infidelity and a career woman who leaves her spouse.
Laws of Attraction	Four couples – a speed-dating pair, a husband and wife, a man living with an older woman and co-workers with opposite views – weather ups and downs.
Lucknow Central	After being arrested for a crime he didn't commit, an aspiring musician teams up with some of his inmates at Lucknow Central to form a band.
A Scandall	A film school graduate is interested in making a movie about his girlfriend's uncle, who claims that he can see his long-dead daughter.
Aisa Yeh Jahaan	During a vacation with her parents, away from her concrete urban existence, a young girl learns to appreciate the joys of connecting with nature.
Ankur Arora Murder Case	A young medical intern sets out to fight for justice after the negligence of the surgeon he looked up to ends in tragedy.
Belief: The Possession of Janet Moses	This documentary tries to reconstruct, through a series of interviews, a family's misguided attempt to heal a woman's pain through exorcism.
Calendar Girls	Five calendar models try to navigate the twists and turns thrown in their path by the seductive and ruthless world of glamour.
Darra	After returning from school and getting married, a popular farmer begins to arouse resentment and jealousy among those around him.
El Che	"Spanish-Mexican writer Paco Ignacio Taibo II hits the road to trace the footsteps of Ernesto ""Che"" Guevara and sheds new light on the revolutionary."
Gour Hari Dastaan: The Freedom File	A former freedom fighter is forced to navigate the corridors of a disinterested bureaucracy to prove that he fought in India's freedom movement.
Harry & Bunnie	A young wannabe magician and his mischievous stage rabbit battle and sabotage each other while putting on shows.
Jal	A gifted young man from a drought-stricken village helps a group of ecologists find water for migrating flamingoes.
Macchli Jal Ki Rani Hai	After relocating to a different town with her husband, a housewife begins to sense the existence of a mysterious presence in their new house.
Money	Two corporate spies with a $5 million haul for selling secrets are held hostage by a thief, triggering a game of cat and mouse to gain the upper hand.
One Night Stand	An obsession with a woman with whom he had a one-night stand brings disharmony into a man's life and destroys his peace of mind.
OtherLife	After inventing a drug that induces time-compressed virtual realities, young Ren grapples with partner Sam over how to use their powerful creation.
Sardaarji 2	A simple farmer's life becomes complicated after he resolves to save his village from an economic crisis by traveling to Australia to earn money.
Seven and Me	A little girl discovers she’s the modern-day descendant of Snow White when seven dwarfs arrive at her suburban home to serve as her guardian angels.
Singapore	When his employee disappears in Singapore, Shyam travels from India to investigate the absence and becomes entangled in a deadly plot.
Story of an Egg	When an astrologer gives him one year to find a mate or face being alone forever, a professor sets out to find a bride despite serious obstacles.
Tamanchey	A man and a woman on the run from the law are drawn to each other through the common bond of their mutual dependency.
Teshan	New beginnings appear to be on the horizon after a simple country boy forms a bond with a sophisticated urban girl with modern ideas.
Ujala	An honest man dreams of a better life for his family, but a childhood friend leads him into a world of crime that keeps happiness just out of reach.
Veerappan	A police official assembles an elaborate network of spies and undercover operatives to bring down a ruthless bandit with a private army.
West Coast Customs	West Coast Customs, a mecca for well-heeled car lovers, stars as their team creates some of the most luxurious, outrageous vehicles on the planet.
Why Knot	Pressured by his traditional family to marry, a filmmaker explores the idea of monogamy and the possibility of lifelong union without sexual fidelity.
This Is Not What I Expected	Romance and cuisine mix when a perpetually dissatisfied hotel executive finally encounters the perfect meal, and the sous chef that made it.
Ajaibnya Cinta	"Upon returning home from his studies abroad, young grad Akif finds himself involved with four women in this continuation of the series ""Spain Uoolss."""
Blessed Benefit	After being wrongfully convicted of fraud, an honest man finds that life in prison comes with a measure of freedom that is unavailable outside.
Clair Obscur	While examining a young woman who has just murdered her husband and mother-in-law, a psychiatrist begins to reflect on her own marriage.
El Especial de Alex Fernández, el Especial	From a Mexico City theme park, energetic stand-up Alex Fernández riffs on music, cheap toys, insecurity and other fun things about growing up.
Kingdom of Us	A father's suicide sends a family of eight on a journey through childhood memories and treacherous emotional waters in this poignant documentary.
The Adventures of Figaro Pho	Imagine your worst fears, then multiply them: Figaro is a boy with any number of phobias and a highly quirky and imaginative way of dealing with them.
The Babysitter	When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet.
The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected)	Grudges and rivalries abound as three adult siblings converge in New York to contend with their prickly artist father – and his fading legacy.
Barakah Meets Barakah	A laid-back civil servant and wealthy video blogger struggle to make it as a modern couple amid strict Saudi social conventions.
Bomb Scared	In this dark comedy, a dysfunctional group of wannabe Basque terrorists awaits word about a new mission while Spain makes a run at the World Cup title.
Christina P: Mother Inferior	Christina Pazsitzky hits Seattle with a biting dose of reality, telling truths about her childhood, getting older and the horrors of giving birth.
Chris Brown: Welcome to My Life	Featuring interviews, concert footage and behind-the-scenes access, this documentary delivers fans an all-access look at the life of Chris Brown.
ID-0	In the midst of a field exercise operating I-Machines, Alliance Academy student Maya Mikuri is thrown into an entirely different kind of adventure.
Kibaoh Klashers	Young beetle Dylan and his friends Hailey and Ollie team up to compete against tough opponents in the exciting, high-octane sport of Battle Blading.
Kung Fu Yoga	Two mismatched archaeologists battle a team of vicious mercenaries in a race to discover an ancient Tibetan treasure of unimaginable worth.
The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson	As she fights the tide of violence against trans women, activist Victoria Cruz probes the suspicious 1992 death of her friend Marsha P. Johnson.
Word Party	Meet Bailey, Franny, Kip and Lulu. They're adorable baby animals, and they want you to join the party and help them learn!
The Fosters	This offbeat drama charts the ups and downs of an interracial lesbian couple and their multiethnic brood of biological, adopted and foster children.
Cult of Chucky	Following a string of murders in the asylum where she's confined, Nica Pierce begins to wonder whether Chucky is real after all.
Rodney Carrington: Here Comes the Truth	Raunchy country comic and musician Rodney Carrington jokes and sings about life in his 40s, poking fun at sex, relationships and gaining weight.
Security	After taking a job as a mall security guard, a former Marine steps up to protect a young girl who's being hunted by heavily armed mercenaries.
Zoo	When animal species all over the world begin attacking humans, controversial zoologist Jackson Oz tries to discover the cause of the sudden change.
Sleeping with Other People	Many years after hooking up in college, two people cross paths and realize they are both serial philanderers who need each other's help to reform.
26 Years	Twenty-six years after the 1980 massacre at Gwangju, South Korea, three relatives of the victims come together to avenge the infamous orchestrator.
April and the Extraordinary World	After the world's top scientists disappear, orphaned April secretly forges ahead with a family experiment and gets tangled up in a vast conspiracy.
Barbie & Her Sisters in a Pony Tale	Barbie and her sisters set off on a Swiss adventure to the majestic Alps, where they're excited to spend the summer at a fun-filled riding academy!
Barbie in A Mermaid Tale	Surf champ Merliah discovers she's actually a mermaid in a girl's body. With the help of a dolphin, Merliah must rescue her mom, the Queen of Oceana.
Barbie in Princess Power	A princess with a predictable life finds herself transformed by a magical butterfly's kiss into Super Sparkle, a crime-fighting superhero.
Barbie in Rock 'N Royals	When royal Princess Courtney trades places with famous rock star Erika, two worlds collide while both learn to appreciate new friends and experiences.
Barbie Star Light Adventure	A hoverboard-riding princess of the cosmos, Barbie must band together with a team of talented new friends to save the stars from winking out.
Barbie: A Fairy Secret	When devilish fairies capture Ken and fly away with him, Barbie and Raquelle travel to the glittering fairy world of Gloss Angeles to save him.
Barbie: Princess Charm School	Blair Willows is excited when she gets to go to Princess Charm School, where she meets princesses Delancy and Hadley, and searches for a magic crown.
Barbie: Spy Squad	A high-tech spy agency transforms Barbie and her best friends into secret agents, using their gymnastics skills to bring down a cunning cat burglar.
Barbie: The Princess & the Popstar	Barbie stars as a princess who would rather sing and dance than be a royal. When a famous pop star visits the kingdom, they decide to switch places.
Barbie: Video Game Hero	Pulled into her favorite video game, Barbie becomes a fun, roller-skating heroine who's battling a sinister emoji that's trying to take over.
Beyblade Burst	Middle schooler Valt Aoi, with his Beyblade Valtryek, faces off against friends, classmates and rivals to become the world's number one Blader.
Boy and the World	Young Cuca leaves his idyllic village on a grand adventure to find his father, who has traveled to the city seeking work.
Charmed	After a trio of sisters discover an ancient text in their mansion attic, revealing they possess latent supernatural powers, mischief and drama ensue.
City in the Sky	This series explores the magnitude and scale of modern air travel, and the challenges faced by those responsible for its smooth functioning.
Cleverman	"In the near future, physically powerful beings known as ""Hairies"" struggle to survive in a segregated society dominated by hostile humans."
Equestria Girls: Tales of Canterlot High	In an alternate universe Equestria, the ponies have become teenage girls who must learn what it means to be human while attending Canterlot High.
Food: Delicious Science	In this series, TV presenter Michael Mosley and botanist James Wong explore the physics, chemistry and biology inside every bite of food we eat.
For Your Own Good	Three brothers-in-law join forces to secretly drive away their daughters' undesirable boyfriends: anarchist Álex, bad-boy Dani and playboy Ernesto.
Franca: Chaos and Creation	A documentary filmmaker chronicles the life and times of his mother, Franca Sozzani, the editor of Italian Vogue and a fashion-world provocateur.
Frances Ha	Determined to make it as a modern dancer in New York, a young woman pursues her unlikely goal with more enthusiasm than natural talent.
Generation Iron 2	New-generation bodybuilding stars – including Rich Piana, Kai Greene and Calum von Moger – share their experiences competing in the demanding sport.
Ghost Patrol	Two kids and their pet dog (aka the Ghost Patrol) get a call about an old manor and soon find they are investigating their first real haunted house.
Gilmore Girls	Fiercely independent single mom Lorelai raises gifted, Ivy League-bound daughter Rory amid a continual stream of quick-witted repartee.
Great Yellowstone Thaw	This series explores the effects of the extreme temperature variations at Yellowstone National Park on the animals that live there.
I Am Bolt	Mixing archival footage with present-day interviews, Olympic champion and global icon Usain Bolt opens up about his athletic legacy.
I'm in Love with a Church Girl	When a tough-minded ex-drug dealer falls for a beautiful but highly devout woman, their mutual attraction takes them both down a twisty path.
Ice Guardians	"This film explores the controversial role of ice hockey ""enforcers,"" as well as the physical and mental price paid by the game's notorious tough guys."
Justice in the City	Repeatedly on opposite sides of civil cases, two lawyers fall in love outside the courtroom, but circumstances hinder their romance from blossoming.
Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet	A troubled young girl and her mother find solace on a journey with a subversive poet whose words captivate their hearts and imaginations.
Miss Hokusai	Herself a talented artist, O-Ei works with her father, Tetsuzo, later known as Hokusai, on the woodblock prints that would make Edo famous worldwide.
Monster High: Great Scarrier Reef	At a Monster High party, Lagoona and pals are sucked into the reef, where she'll have to come to terms with her flaws and confront an old frenemy.
Monster High: New Ghoul at School	Insecure new student Frankie Stein struggles to fit in at Monster High, where ultra-cool ghoul Cleo De Nile and hunky monster Deuce rule the roost.
My Life as a Zucchini	A 9-year-old boy finds his life upended when he's sent to live in an orphanage in this stop-motion animated tale of loss, friendship and young love.
Nature's Great Race	Epic footage captures three of the world's most significant land migrations, following elephants, caribou and zebras on their treacherous journeys.
Noddy Toyland Detective	Toyland’s boy detective, Noddy, solves mysteries and finds missing objects with help from his friends: a panda, a superhero, a dinosaur and a robot.
Phantom Boy	A boy whose illness allows him to float outside his body uses his newfound skill to help a cop take on a madman who's terrorizing New York City.
PJ Masks	Three 6-year-old kids who live normal lives during the day become superheroes at night, fighting crime as a team known as PJ Masks.
Star Trek	Led by unflappable Capt. Kirk, the crew of the starship Enterprise delves deep into the far reaches of space to explore new worlds and civilizations.
Star Trek: Enterprise	"Capt. Archer and his crew explore space and discover human innovation-expanding technologies as they meet new alien races in this ""Star Trek"" prequel."
Star Trek: Voyager	On Voyager's 75-year journey back to Earth, the crew members encounter unknown species as they draw closer to a mysterious quadrant of space.
Sudden	A car accident sends four lawyers spiraling in different directions as they scramble to rebuild their shattered lives.
The Code	Investigating a deadly car crash, a journalist and his hacker brother stumble into a conspiracy that reaches into the upper echelons of government.
The Dream Catchers	Four engineers from different walks of life cross paths in pursuit of the same selfless dream: making the world a better place – and finding love.
The Free Man	Olympic freestyle skier Jossi Wells learns the dangerous extreme sport of highlining with help from death-defying daredevils the Flying Frenchies.
The Lion Woman	A girl born with a condition that causes abnormal hair growth across her body tries to cope with the challenges of being different.
The President's Barber	The personal barber to the president, as well as his wife and only son, get tangled in the political chaos that gripped South Korea in the late 1900s.
Tokyo Idols	This documentary follows J-Pop idol Rio and her predominantly middle-aged fans, and their seemingly transactional interactions.
Verónica	A reclusive psychologist agrees to treat a patient – whose therapist is missing – at her remote cabin, where the women test each other's boundaries.
Welcome to Monster High: The Origin Story	Dracula's daughter Draculaura sets out to create a new kind of school where monsters of all kinds can be themselves and have a scary good time.
What She Put on the Table	Based on the life of TV chef Fu Pei-mei, this drama follows two women – one rich, the other poor – who fortuitously cross paths in 1950s Taiwan.
Wrong Side Raju	The life of a chauffeur and part-time bootlegger takes a turn toward the dramatic when a girl approaches him to buy illicit alcohol.
The Mayor	With the presidency in mind, the incumbent mayor of Seoul runs for an unprecedented third term – and will stop at nothing to keep his secrets hidden.
The Royal House of Windsor	Drawing on newly available info, this show traces how the British royal family has survived the last 100 years of power struggles, politics and more.
Gerald's Game	When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie – handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house – faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice.
Long Shot	When Juan Catalan is arrested for a murder he didn't commit, he builds his case for innocence around raw footage from a popular TV show. A documentary.
Mak Cun	A woman with an entrepreneurial spirit takes life into her own hands by starting a beauty cream business that inspires other women to take chances.
Our Souls at Night	After widowed neighbors Addie and Louis begin sleeping in bed together platonically to alleviate their loneliness, a real romance begins to blossom.
Out of Thin Air	Picking up 40 years after six were convicted for two strange murders in Iceland, this chilling documentary proves confessions can’t always be trusted.
Paul Hollywood's Big Continental Road Trip	Gear up for a fast-paced journey as celebrity chef and avid auto enthusiast Paul Hollywood takes in the cars and culture of France, Italy and Germany.
Real Rob	Go inside the world of comedian and actor Rob Schneider in this comedy series that follows the ups and downs of his career and family life.
Satu Hari	A man haunted by his wife's affair moves to Sarajevo and starts to love again, until fate forces him to choose between his new life and old loyalty.
Bobby Sands: 66 Days	In 1981, an imprisoned Irish Republican Army soldier went on a hunger strike that galvanized his movement and made him a controversial global icon.
Much Loved	Four friends who make their living as prostitutes in Morocco deal with both the dangers and stigma that come with their profession.
Def Comedy Jam 25	"In this special live event, giants of stand-up come together to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Russell Simmons's groundbreaking ""Def Comedy Jam."""
Restless Creature: Wendy Whelan	After 30 years with the New York City Ballet, celebrated dancer Wendy Whelan redefines herself as an artist in a new stage of life.
Terrace House: Aloha State	The beautiful island of Oahu is host to a new batch of six strangers who share a single roof, multiple conflicts and no script in this reality series.
Dark Matter	After waking up aboard a derelict spaceship with no memories, the crew of the Raza investigates the mystery of their identities and destination.
Teach Us All	It's been decades since Brown v. Board of Education, yet American schools remain largely segregated. Some leaders are working to change that.
White Island	Returning to Ibiza after several years walking the straight and narrow in London, Connor falls back in with a criminal crowd. It's like he never left.
Swearnet: The Movie	After losing a TV network deal, the Trailer Park Boys launch their own Internet series, but they soon confront personal and creative differences.
The Bar	Strangers holed up in a Madrid bar after witnessing a murder begin to turn on each other as panic sets in and the body count rises.
Gaga: Five Foot Two	Follow pop provocateur Lady Gaga as she releases a new album, preps for her Super Bowl halftime show, and confronts physical and emotional struggles.
The Bad Batch	Banished to a wasteland of undesirables, a young woman struggles to find her feet among a drug-soaked desert society and an enclave of cannibals.
Jerry Before Seinfeld	Jerry Seinfeld returns to the club that gave him his start in the 1970s, mixing iconic jokes with stories from his childhood and early days in comedy.
Manhunt	Faced with few clues and an increasingly panicked public, the FBI calls on a new kind of profiler to help track down the infamous Unabomber.
Barbie Dolphin Magic	While visiting Ken and exploring a coral reef, Barbie and her sisters make an amazing discovery and meet a mysterious new friend.
Forget Me Not	Teenage Xue Ming was forced to marry the man who raped her. Years after abandoning her young sons to find a better life, can she escape the guilt?
The Adjusters	An insurance adjuster investigates cases of possible fraud while hiding a romance with a colleague, unaware that someone he trusts is toying with him.
The Beat	The artistic pursuits of two childhood friends, an aspiring singer and a talented dancer, lead them to four other 20-somethings in a drumming group.
Timeless Season	A decade after college, a wake reunites five female friends struggling with illness, infidelity, toxic in-laws, spousal abuse and other life issues.
Click for Murder	Crime journalist Donal MacIntyre reveals how deadly the internet can be as he dissects the technological methods behind heinous acts.
First They Killed My Father	A 5-year-old girl embarks on a harrowing quest for survival amid the sudden rise and terrifying reign of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia.
Gagarin: First in Space	This biopic of Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin follows his rise from childhood poverty to his selection and training for the 1961 Vostok mission.
Janaan	After 11 years in Canada, young Meena returns to her native Pakistan for a family wedding and becomes romantically entangled with an adopted cousin.
Larceny	An ex-CIA contractor turned thief is forced to head a CIA gambit to infiltrate a black ops Mexican prison and steal $50 million in drug cartel money.
Rumble	An ex-MMA champion reduced to fixing fights in Mexico must win one last match to save his girlfriend, who's been kidnapped by the mob.
Silver Spoon	Forced to become an apprentice cop, cocky playboy Igor finds he's got a knack for police work. But his job soon takes him down a dark personal path.
Strong Island	The forces of family, grief and racial injustice converge in this powerful documentary exploring the murder of filmmaker Yance Ford's brother.
The Five	Twenty years after 5-year-old Jesse disappears near his home, his DNA turns up at the scene of a woman's murder, baffling his family and the police.
VeggieTales in the City	With exciting trips to the big city, the ski slopes and beyond, the Veggie friends expand their horizons and learn valuable faith-based lessons.
Ghost of the Mountains	An international group of filmmakers sets out on a mission to get up close and personal with a family of elusive snow leopards.
Offspring	A Melbourne obstetrician in her thirties struggles with the increasingly chaotic family, romantic and professional aspects of her life in this drama.
Heroin(e)	This documentary follows three women – a fire chief, a judge and a street missionary – as they battle West Virginia's devastating opioid epidemic.
Jeff Dunham: Relative Disaster	Ventriloquist Jeff Dunham brings his rude and slightly demented posse of puppets to Ireland for a gleeful skewering of family and politics.
The Forgotten	After a teenager goes to live with his father in abandoned public housing, he hears strange noises and decides to investigate with his new friend.
#realityhigh	When nerdy high schooler Dani finally attracts the interest of her longtime crush, she lands in the cross hairs of his ex, a social media celebrity.
Apaches	A young journalist is forced into a life of crime to save his father and family in this series based on the novel by Miguel Sáez Carral.
Automata	In a dystopian future, an insurance adjuster for a tech company investigates a robot killed for violating protocol and discovers a global conspiracy.
Fabrizio Copano: Solo pienso en mi	Fabrizio Copano takes audience participation to the next level in this stand-up set while reflecting on sperm banks, family WhatsApp groups and more.
Fire Chasers	As California's 2016 fire season rages, brave backcountry firefighters race to put out the flames, protect homes and save lives in this docuseries.
Good People	A struggling couple can't believe their luck when they find a stash of money in the apartment of a neighbor who was recently murdered.
Joaquín Reyes: Una y no más	Comedian and celebrity impersonator Joaquín Reyes decides to be his zesty self for a night of stories about buses, bathroom habits, royalty and more.
Kidnapping Mr. Heineken	"When beer magnate Alfred ""Freddy"" Heineken is kidnapped in 1983, his abductors make the largest ransom demand in history."
Krish Trish and Baltiboy	A team of minstrels, including a monkey, cat and donkey, narrate folktales from the Indian regions of Rajasthan, Kerala and Punjab.
Krish Trish and Baltiboy: Battle of Wits	An artisan is cheated of his payment, a lion of his throne and a brother of his inheritance in these three stories of deception and justice.
Krish Trish and Baltiboy: Best Friends Forever	A cat, monkey and donkey team up to narrate folktales about friendship from Northeast India, and the Indian regions of Bihar and Rajasthan.
Krish Trish and Baltiboy: Comics of India	In three comic-strip-style tales, a boy tries to sell wisdom, a demon is released from captivity, and a king assigns impossible tasks to his minister.
Krish Trish and Baltiboy: Oversmartness Never Pays	A cat, monkey and donkey learn the consequences of cheating through stories from the Indian regions of Rajasthan, West Bengal and Maharashtra.
Krish Trish and Baltiboy: Part II	Animal minstrels narrate stories about a monkey's friendship with a crocodile, two monkeys' foolishness and a villager's encounter with a demon.
Krish Trish and Baltiboy: The Greatest Trick	The consequences of trickery are explored in stories involving an inconsiderate husband, two greedy courtiers, and a kind man who loses everything.
Love	A man in an unsatisfying marriage recalls the details of an intense past relationship with an ex-girlfriend when he gets word that she may be missing.
Manhattan Romance	A filmmaker working on a documentary about love in modern Manhattan becomes personally entangled in the romantic lives of his subjects.
Moonwalkers	A brain-addled war vet, a failing band manager and a Stanley Kubrick impersonator help the CIA construct an epic scam by faking the 1969 moon landing.
Ripper Street	It's been six months since the last Jack the Ripper killing, and East London is hopeful that his reign of terror might have run its course.
Rolling Papers	As the newspaper industry takes a hit, The Denver Post breaks new ground with a section dedicated to cannabis culture.
Stonehearst Asylum	In 1899, a young doctor arrives at an asylum for an apprenticeship and becomes suspicious of his mentor's methods while falling for a female patient.
The Runner	A New Orleans politician finds his idealistic plans for rebuilding after a toxic oil spill unraveling thanks to a sex scandal.
Cézanne et moi	This historical drama explores the long and often volatile friendship of painter Paul Cézanne and writer Émile Zola, who first met as schoolboys.
Hard Tide	A drug dealer who's been emulating his father's successful criminal career is forced to go on the run with a young girl in this fact-based thriller.
Carrie Pilby	A socially awkward 19-year-old genius makes big plans to step out of her shell and make a friend, get a job and – maybe – even go on a date.
Marc Maron: Too Real	Battle-scarred stand-up comedian Marc Maron unleashes a storm of ideas about meditation, mortality, documentary films and our weird modern world.
No Tomorrow	Her straitjacketed life turned topsy-turvy by hunky Xavier, Evie discovers a new freedom – even though her man just might be an end-of-days crackpot.
Reign	This vivid historical drama series tells of the rise to power of Mary, Queen of Scots, amid a court full of sexual and political intrigue.
Frequency	A detective seizes a precious opportunity to change the past when she finds she can communicate with her deceased, estranged father via a time warp.
The Vampire Diaries	Trapped in adolescent bodies, feuding vampire brothers Stefan and Damon vie for the affection of captivating teenager Elena.
Bitcoin Heist	"A unconventional, efficient Interpol special agent goes rogue and assembles a team of thieves to catch a shadowy hacker called ""The Ghost."""
I Am Not Madame Bovary	To qualify for an apartment reserved for singles, a married couple stages a divorce. But when her husband unexpectedly remarries, Li seeks justice.
Vincent N Roxxy	In rural Louisiana, a terse loner forges a redemptive bond with a woman he saved from a killer, but a violent past soon catches up with both of them.
A Boy Name Flora A	A 28-year-old layabout begins to re-examine his life when his dysfunctional family assembles to pay respects to a dying grandmother who won’t pass on.
A House of Blocks	Yijuan and her mentally ill sister Kaiqi struggle to be happy in the face of misfortune, criminal intrigue, marital strife, an exorcism and a ghost.
Aakhri Adaalat	An intrepid police inspector forced into a desk job must take matters into his own hands when ruthless criminals are released on a technicality.
Alias JJ, la celebridad del mal	Witnesses and public figures respond to controversial claims about Pablo Escobar made by the Medellín Cartel's sole survivor, John Jairo Velásquez.
All About Love	Mysterious ghosts – determined to reconnect with the living world – begin to cross over and disrupt the lives of those they left behind.
Berserk: The Golden Age Arc II - The Battle for Doldrey	For three years, Guts believed his mission was to pursue Griffith's dream together with him. But in order to become Griffith's equal and truly be called his friend, Guts realizes he will have to leave the Band of the Hawk.
Berserk: The Golden Age Arc III - The Advent	A year after he left the Band of the Hawk, Guts rejoins them in an epic battle to vanquish the God Hand and save Griffith from a hellish fate.
Brother's Shadow	After serving time in jail, a disgraced son returns to the family business in New York, where he struggles to fill the shoes of his late twin brother.
Chadi Jawani Budhe Nu	After reaching his 40th birthday, an egotistical businessman kicks off his midlife crisis by deciding to secure a mistress.
Concrete Football	"The development of professional soccer worldwide owes a great debt to the soccer – or ""football"" – that is played on the streets of France."
Ek Jaan Hain Hum	While trying to win over his beloved’s parents, a young man is accused of arson, and his father soon realizes insanity may be his only defense.
FINAL FANTASY XIV Dad of Light	A father and son rekindle their bond through the online role-playing game Final Fantasy XIV in this live-action series based on a true story.
Gurren Lagann	When a young laborer escapes to the world aboveground, he discovers a violent land in which humans battle robots controlled by a power-hungry noble.
High Risk	From scientists to snake handlers, this series explores what motivates some people to put themselves in jeopardy to perform extraordinary feats.
Incorruptible	In the streets of Senegal, a youth movement rises up against a regime bent on retaining power in this chronicle of the nation's stormy 2012 elections.
Inuyasha the Movie - L'isola del fuoco scarlatto	Ai, a young half-demon who has escaped from Horai Island to try to help his people, returns with potential saviors InuYasha, Sesshomaru and Kikyo.
Inuyasha the Movie - La spada del dominatore del mondo	The Great Dog Demon beaqueathed one of the Three Swords of the Fang to each of his two sons. Now the evil power of the third sword has been awakened.
InuYasha: The Movie 2: The Castle Beyond the Looking Glass	With their biggest foe seemingly defeated, InuYasha and his friends return to everyday life. But the peace is soon shattered by an emerging new enemy.
Khoon Khoon	As a crazed killer blazes a trail of blood through an anxious city, a hardened cop aims to take him down by any means in this remake of “Dirty Harry.”
LEGO Elves: Secrets of Elvendale	Armed with a powerful amulet, a teenage guardian is tasked with protecting her little sister – and all of Elvendale. Based on the popular web series.
Little Evil	In this horror-comedy, a recently married man who wants to bond with his stepson begins to fear that the boy is a demon.
Lorai: Play to Live	Under a government initiative, a retired alcoholic soccer player is sent to establish a soccer team in a politically troubled area.
Maniac	A nondescript man in a mental hospital has an exciting life of adventure and romance – in his head. He may be insane, or maybe he's just having fun.
Manoranjan	After getting fired, a police officer connects with a prostitute he met on the job in a red-light district and sets out to keep her off the streets.
Mujrim	Jailed as a teenager, Shankar has been unable to stay on the right side of the law ever since, despite his wife's pleas and his mother's rejection.
Narcos	The true story of Colombia's infamously violent and powerful drug cartels fuels this gritty gangster drama series.
Naruto Shippuden : Blood Prison	Mistakenly accused of an attack on the Fourth Raikage, ninja Naruto is imprisoned in the impenetrable Hozuki Castle and his powers are sealed.
Naruto Shippûden the Movie: The Will of Fire	When four out of five ninja villages are destroyed, the leader of the one spared tries to find the true culprit and protect his land.
Naruto Shippuden: The Movie: The Lost Tower	When Naruto is sent to recover a missing nin, the rogue manages to send him 20 years into the past, where he unites with his father to battle evil.
Naruto the Movie 2: Legend of the Stone of Gelel	While on a mission to return a missing pet, Naruto and two fellow ninjas are ambushed by brutal knights led by the enigmatic Temujin.
Naruto the Movie 3: Guardians of the Crescent Moon Kingdom	Exuberant ninja Naruto teams up with his pals Sakura and Kakashi to escort Prince Michiru and his son, Hikaru, to the Crescent Moon kingdom.
Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the Land of Snow	Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura learn they'll be protecting an actress from being hurt while making her next film, but it turns out she's a princess.
Offline - Das leben ist kein bonuslevel	Competitive gamer Jan finds his life thrown for a loop when his bitter rival hacks his identity just before a high-stakes tournament.
Resurface	A suicidal war veteran finds like-minded souls in a surf therapy program that helps traumatized soldiers heal while riding the waves.
Robocar Poli	When disaster strikes in Brooms Town, police car Robocar Poli, fire truck Robotruck Roy and their friends on the rescue team race to save the day.
Rocco	Italian porn star Rocco Siffredi is showcased in this documentary that shadows the legendary performer during his final year in front of the camera.
She's Gotta Have It	A free-spirited woman can't choose between a trio of ill-suited suitors: relationship-minded Jamie, shallow male model Greer and bike messenger Mars.
Sohni Mahiwal	After being violently separated from the woman he loves, a young man must disguise himself in order to keep meeting her.
The Distinguished Citizen	Worried he’s lost his artistic edge, a wealthy expat novelist returns to his backwater hometown in Argentina, where he’s regarded as a local hero.
The Drowning	Child psychologist Tom Seymour's testimony helped convict a boy of murder. Years later, their paths cross again, raising uncomfortable questions.
The Guardian Brothers	When a Chinese family's soup shop is targeted for sabotage by a competitor, two guardians from the spirit world leave retirement to protect them.
The Last Shaman	In a last-ditch effort to prevent suicide, a clinically depressed young man travels to the Amazon to engage in an ancient hallucinatory ritual.
The Lost Brother	While settling the affairs of his murdered mother and brother, a man partners with a local thug in a life insurance scam, putting him on a dark path.
Tip the Mouse	In his tiny meadow village, curious little mouse Tip enjoys fun and adventure while learning about the world with his furry friends and family.
Toast of London	After a divorce and fatal career move, a classically trained British stage actor navigates single life with his odd roommate and takes on horrid jobs.
Todo Sobre El Asado	This quirky examination of Argentina's culture, customs and cuisine slices into the country's traditional barbecue – which is both meal and ritual.
Who the F**k Is That Guy?	Take a ride through the life of record exec Michael Alago, a gay Puerto Rican New Yorker who signed a slew of musical acts, including Metallica.
The Eichmann Show	This is the astonishing true story behind a moment in TV history: the live 1961 broadcast of Nazi mass-murderer Adolf Eichmann's trial in Jerusalem.
Bring It On: Worldwide Showdown	When cheerleading champs the Rebels are challenged by an edgy new squad, they take on teams from all over the world in a virtual cheer battle.
Ryan Hamilton: Happy Face	Small-town import Ryan Hamilton charms New York with folksy comic observations on big-city life, hot-air ballooning and going to Disney World alone.
3 Generations	When teenage Ray begins transitioning from female to male, his single mom and grandmother must cope with the change while tracking down his father.
Menorca	A hedonistic soccer mom takes a voyage of self-discovery when she tries to reconnect with her son by returning his pet rock to a Mediterranean island.
Buster's Mal Heart	On the run from authorities, a troubled man recalls the mysterious events – and the strange drifter – that inspired his unusual transformation.
Madre	Pregnant and overwhelmed, Diana hires a caretaker for her son with severe autism. But she soon begins to fear the new nanny has sinister intentions.
"Behind ""The Cove"": The Quiet Japanese Speak Out"	After a documentary about the Japanese whaling industry garnered international attention, an amateur filmmaker decides to tell the rest of the story.
Berlin Syndrome	What starts as a passionate one-night stand quickly turns sinister when Clare learns she's locked inside Andi's apartment with no way out.
Death Note	Light Turner finds a supernatural notebook and uses it to mete out death, attracting the attention of a detective, a demon and a girl in his class.
Pekak	Desperate to escape her tyrannical father, a rebellious teen befriends a deaf drug pusher who's saving up his money for cochlear implants.
Feel Rich	Talking squarely to the hip-hop generation, musicians, athletes and others outline the benefits of exercise, a healthy diet and spiritual wellness.
Lynne Koplitz: Hormonal Beast	Unabashed comedian Lynne Koplitz offers a woman's take on being crazy, the benefits of childlessness and the three things all men really want.
Sadie's Last Days on Earth	High schooler Sadie Mitchell believes the world is about to end – literally. Before it does, she sets out to kiss a boy and win back her best friend.
Bad Rap	Four young Asian-American rappers strive to achieve success on their own terms in a musical genre that often treats them as outsiders.
Gomorrah	Mafia activity in Naples is at the center of this series, which focuses on internal struggles that follow after the head of a family is imprisoned.
Hati Perempuan	Sparks of both passion and contempt fly when a self-sufficient architect is forced to work with a snobbish industrialist.
KL Zombi	A field hockey-playing pizza delivery boy finds himself transformed from slacker to zombie slayer during an outbreak of the undead in Kuala Lumpur.
Rembat	Two huge soccer fans must go on a rambunctious road trip to fix a big match between Malaysia and Thailand, or they'll draw the ire of a loan shark.
Unacknowledged	Noted UFO expert Dr. Steven Greer interviews witnesses and presents classified documents concerning the existence of extraterrestrials.
Camera Store	With the digital revolution just around the corner, the employees of Bibideaux camera store strive to stay relevant amid unstoppable change.
Hide and Seek	While living a comfortable life with his wife and child, a germophobic man realizes his estranged brother may have committed a terrible crime.
Railroad Tigers	During World War II, a Chinese railroad worker leads a group of brave resistance fighters against the forces of Japanese occupation.
Dinotrux	Half dinosaur, half construction truck, full-on fun! Watch giant Ty Rux, his little buddy Revvit and the crew come face-to-face with evil D-Structs.
Marvel's The Defenders	Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Iron Fist join forces to take on common enemies as a sinister conspiracy threatens New York City.
Undefeated	An inspirational profile of an inner-city high school football team's valiant effort to reach the school's first-ever playoff game.
What Happened to Monday	In a future with a strict one-child policy, six septuplets must avoid government detection while searching for their missing sister.
Cop and a Half: New Recruit	A world-weary detective is forced to team up with a 12-year-old who thinks she's a cop in order to solve a case that's baffled police.
Jericho	Jake returns to his Kansas town to collect an inheritance, but a nuclear blast cuts off the outside world and makes him a reluctant leader amid chaos.
20 Minutes	When his wife is convicted of murder, a horrified family man races to prove her innocence while a dogged investigator sets out to uncover the truth.
Barbecue	A blend of cultural nuance and mesmerizing techniques adds flavor to this globe-hopping celebration of cooking, tradition and community.
Brad Paisley's Comedy Rodeo	Country music star Brad Paisley hosts a night of music and laughs with comics Nate Bargatze, John Heffron, Jon Reep, Sarah Tiana and Mike E. Winfield.
Colin Quinn: Unconstitutional	New York comedian Colin Quinn writes and stars in this live one-man stage show that dissects and deconstructs U.S. constitutional history.
Goon	When he's seen dispatching a rude opposing hockey player in the stands, Doug Glatt is hired by a rival team ... for his fighting skills.
Million Yen Women	Five beautiful but mysterious women move in with unsuccessful novelist Shin, who manages their odd household in exchange for a tidy monthly sum.
My Ex-Ex	A recently dumped attorney hires a psychic to help her win back her boyfriend. Things take an unexpected turn when another ex re-enters the picture.
We're No Animals	Unhappy with his commercial film work, a jaded Hollywood actor moves to Argentina to participate in an experimental thesis on social philosophy.
Age of Glory	Amid the thriving nightlife of 1960s Kuala Lumpur, three Chinese friends – a showgirl, her housekeeper and a chanteuse – find love and heartbreak.
Exclusive Edition	Young journalists working for a magazine juggle careers, romance and other challenges while reporting on social issues and news stories in Malaysia.
Glowing Embers	Amid Malaysia's charcoal industry, a woman deftly adapts to her environs as she juggles three men in her life: her husband, her lover and her friend.
Persona	A private investigation firm takes on sensitive cases while its uniquely skilled agents deal with issues both inside and out of the office.
The Iron Lady	After business troubles destroy her father, a headstrong young woman does battle with her deeply patriarchal culture to secure her family's legacy.
The Outcasts	After failing to strike a truce with their school's queen bee, two misfit best friends lead a nerd uprising that turns social hierarchy on its head.
Hot Property	When a resourceful but flighty Londoner is threatened with eviction, she vows to do whatever it takes to defeat a greedy real estate agent.
Mission Control: The Unsung Heroes of Apollo	Combining archive footage with present-day interviews, this documentary explores how Apollo's mission control helped change the course of history.
Chocolate City: Vegas Strip	The exotic dancers from Chocolate City get back together for a trip to Las Vegas and a chance at $500,000 in prize money.
Los Herederos	Spurred by boredom and peer pressure, a group of suburban teens becomes increasingly violent and find their paths intersecting those of their parents.
Naked	Rob's madly in love and about to be married. Unfortunately, he's also naked, stuck in an elevator and caught in a time loop.
Alive and Kicking	Take an inside look at swing dancing's continued prosperity and the lively and joyous personalities that make the art form so unique.
Demonic	When amateur ghost hunters visit an abandoned house, their investigation turns into a massacre, leaving questions for a detective and a psychologist.
SHOT! The Psycho-Spiritual Mantra of Rock	Aptly named iconic rock photographer Mick Rock reconstructs his journey through the thrilling and murky universe of rock 'n' roll history.
The Saint	Master thief Simon Templar – also known as the Saint – is hired by a wealthy banker to find his kidnapped daughter, but not all is as it seems.
Black Site Delta	After discovering that their secret military prison is under attack by terrorists, a ragtag group of inmates does their best to neutralize the enemy.
Denis Leary: No Cure For Cancer	In the stand-up performance that made him a legend, comedian Denis Leary caustically holds forth on nonsmokers, vegetarians and other undesirables.
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion (Hindi Version)	To avenge his father's death, a young man leads an army into battle against a cruel tyrant in this Hindi conclusion to the historic saga.
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion (Malayalam Version)	To avenge his father's death, a young man leads an army into battle against a cruel tyrant in this Malayalam conclusion to the historic saga.
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion (Tamil Version)	To avenge his father's death, a young man leads an army into battle against a cruel tyrant in this Tamil conclusion to the historic saga.
Baahubali: The Beginning (Hindi Version)	Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this Hindi version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
Baahubali: The Beginning (Malayalam Version)	Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this Malayalam version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
Baahubali: The Beginning (Tamil Version)	Villagers in the kingdom of Mahismati rescue a baby who is destined to embark on a heroic quest in this Tamil version of S.S. Rajamouli's epic.
Mission: Destroy Love	Two strangers meet by chance on a trip to Thailand and form a connection when they realize their former romantic partners ended up getting together.
The Black Room	A couple's new dream home morphs into a nightmare after they learn that an evil and lustful spirit resides in their basement.
Jake's Buccaneer Blast	Jake, Izzy, Cubby and Skully face off against the scheming Captain Hook in a race to find special treasures hidden all around Never Land.
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Avengers Reassembled!	When Ultron seizes control of Iron Man's armor, the Avengers race to save their friend and stop an evil plot to take over the world.
Enter the Warriors Gate	An avid gamer is magically transported to ancient China, where he must become a warrior in order to save the princess from an evil warlord.
Lady Bloodfight	An American travels to Hong Kong in hopes of winning a lucrative – but potentially deadly – all-female underground fighting tournament.
Operation Mekong	In a dangerous area of the Mekong River, a drug raid ending in 13 deaths arouses the suspicions of a narcotics officer who sets out to find the truth.
Sky on Fire	The security chief at a top-level medical facility must fight to ensure that revolutionary cancer research doesn't fall into the wrong hands.
Abnormal Summit	Led by a trio of Korean celebs, a multinational panel of men engage in – usually – lighthearted debates on issues that surround Korea and beyond.
Alan Saldaña: Mi vida de pobre	Mexican comic Alan Saldaña has fun with everything from the pressure of sitting in an exit row to maxing out his credit card in this stand-up special.
Chef & My Fridge	The best chefs of Korea go head-to-head to create impromptu dishes that feature ingredients found inside the guest stars' very own refrigerators.
Dino Hunt	Top scientists and paleontologists examine dinosaur fossils located throughout Canada, while searching for elusive new species.
Icarus	An American filmmaker and cyclist unwittingly wades into a global scandal when a Russian scientist leaks shocking details of a vast doping conspiracy.
Message from the King	On a relentless quest to avenge his sister's murder, a man from Cape Town infiltrates a sprawling network of lowlifes and elites in Los Angeles.
Paranormal Survivor	In interviews and reenactments, ordinary people relive their terrifying encounters with unwelcome guests from beyond the world of the living.
Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later	A decade after their wild summer as junior counselors, the gang reunites for a weekend of bonding, hanky-panky and hair-raising adventures.
The Invisible Guardian	When an FBI-trained cop returns to her Navarre hometown to catch a killer targeting local teens, she must also face personal demons from her past.
Skins	This incisive series centers on the tense lives of a group of teenagers as the friends and wannabe lovers weather their final two years of school.
A Sort of Homecoming	Ace news producer Amy is called back to her Louisiana hometown where memories of what used to be – and what might have been – come flooding back.
All Hallows' Eve	Instead of summoning the spirit of her dearly departed mother, a charming teen accidentally awakens a vengeful witch who wants to destroy her town.
Anarkali of Aarah	After being sexually harassed by a drunken politician while performing at a public event, a village dancer plots revenge to clear her name.
Annabelle Hooper and the Ghosts of Nantucket	While vacationing on picturesque Nantucket, a crafty teenage mystery writer contends with two thieves as she tries to solve a ghostly conundrum.
Aussie Gold Hunters	Three teams of gold hunters battle all manner of challenges while pursuing their dreams in the Australian Outback.
Below Her Mouth	An engaged fashion editor begins a torrid affair with a female roofer that threatens to turn both of their lives upside down.
Bountiful Blessings	A former mortal who is now the Kitchen God cooks up celestial turmoil when he impregnates and opens a restaurant with his beloved, reincarnated wife.
Close Your Eyes Before It’s Dark	While vacationing at a mountain cabin, a group of longtime friends uncovers an old scandal that could have deadly consequences.
Cloud Atlas	In this star-studded drama, six seemingly disparate stories explore the complicated links that humanity shares through the generations.
Cop Watchers	Explore the stories of the citizens who seek to deter police brutality by observing and videotaping arrests made by the New York Police Department.
Entangled	When the children of two families become friends, they begin to unravel a horrific crime in the past that already linked their fathers to each other.
Everyday Miracles	Materials scientist Mark Miodownik takes us into the world of everyday objects that make our lives more comfortable than those of our ancestors.
Fartsa	As four Russian friends grow up in the early '60s, life, love and the curse of success threaten to derail their dreams.
Genius of the Ancient World	Historian Bettany Hughes travels to India, Greece and China to explore the lives and times of Buddha, Socrates and Confucius.
Genius of the Modern World	Historian Bettany Hughes explores the intellectual landscapes that helped shape the work of Karl Marx, Friedrich Nietzsche and Sigmund Freud.
Handsome Devil	A self-described outsider is sent to a rugby-obsessed boarding school, where he forms an unexpected bond with the star player.
Have You Ever Fallen in Love, Miss Jiang?	A new teacher finds herself in an unenviable situation after witnessing a troubling interaction between an administrator and a student.
Hinterland	Forsaking London for the rustic landscapes of Wales, a police detective with a troubled soul finds himself in a place with secrets as dark as his own.
Hogie the Globehopper	Hogie and his friends travel the world, exploring far-flung locales like Buenos Aires, Cairo, Hawaii and the Galapagos Islands.
Jessica Darling's It List	Armed with popularity tips from her beautiful older sister, precocious Jessica Darling prepares to navigate the treacherous world of seventh grade.
Land Girls	Follow the lives, loves, highs and lows of four members of the Women's Land Army who are working at the Hoxley Estate during WWII.
Life Plan A and B	Two parallel life paths begin for a man and woman in love after she is offered a lucrative promotion far away and must choose between love and career.
Locust	A torrid affair between a passionate lowborn poet and a wealthy Moscow heiress is engulfed by class difference, criminality and, eventually, murder.
Love Storm	Three grown siblings must rethink their idea of family when they learn their parents are getting divorced and have their eyes on new partners.
Maz Jobrani: Immigrant	Iranian American comic Maz Jobrani lights up the Kennedy Center with riffs on immigrant life in the Trump era, modern parenting pitfalls and more.
Nurses Who Kill	Top medical, criminal and psychological experts analyze the motives and methods of nurses who use their positions to kill rather than heal.
Opening Night	Once a rising star on Broadway, Nick is now the perennially pestered production manager for a new musical dedicated to rock music's one-hit wonders.
Raising the Bar	A teenager who gave up her spot in an elite U.S. gymnastics program when her family moved to Australia enters a competition to help a new friend.
Surviving Escobar - Alias JJ	As the Medellín Cartel crumbles, Pablo Escobar's No. 1 hit man struggles to stay alive and gain respect in the prison hierarchy.
The Blind Christ	A man claiming he had a divine revelation as a child treks across the Chilean desert to perform a miracle on a friend badly injured in a remote town.
The Bomb	Form, montage and mesmerizing kinetics propel this experimental meditation on the destructive power of the nuclear bomb, featuring music by The Acid.
The In-Laws	She swore not to meddle in her kids' lives like her mother-in-law meddled in hers. But when her sons get married, that vow proves not so easy to keep.
The IT Crowd	Aided by a tech-illiterate manager, a pair of basement-dwelling dweebs makes the most of life in IT at a corporation run by a cloddish new owner.
The Truth About Alcohol	Emergency room doctor Javid Abdelmoneim endeavors to learn the truth about alcohol, both its benefits and risks, by exploring the science of drinking.
The Women Who Kill Lions	Experience an up-close look at the controversial passion and resulting infamy of big-game hunters Rebecca Francis and Jacine Jadresko.
Un plus une	A womanizing musician travels to India, where he composes a Bollywood film score and unexpectedly falls for the wife of the French ambassador.
Vexed	Charming slacker DI Jack Armstrong and driven professional DI Kate Bishop try to solve crimes together without driving each other crazy.
Vroomiz	For these half-car, half-animal friends, each day in Zippy City is a chance to have fun, be creative and use teamwork to solve difficult problems.
Winter Sun	Years after ruthless businessmen kill his father and order the death of his twin brother, a modest fisherman adopts a new persona to exact revenge.
World War II in Colour	Footage of the most dramatic moments from World War II is restored in color and high definition for this historical documentary series.
Loco Love	A young man and woman fall in love but are threatened to be torn apart by the tensions between their Latino and Caucasian communities in Arizona.
Daughters of Destiny	Five girls from India's most impoverished families attend a boarding school designed to create opportunities as they strive for a brighter future.
Diana: 7 Days That Shook the World	This illuminating documentary examines the aftermath of Princess Diana’s tragic death and the tense, dramatic week leading up to her funeral.
The Incredible Jessica James	Burned by a bad breakup, a struggling New York City playwright makes an unlikely connection with a divorced app designer she meets on a blind date.
Joe Mande’s Award-Winning Comedy Special	"Stand-up comic Joe Mande aims for critical adulation with this special that covers dating shows, ""Shark Tank,"" Jewish summer camp and much more."
I Called Him Morgan	Decades after serving a prison sentence for killing jazz musician Lee Morgan, his common-law wife, Helen, reflects on their lives and his legacy.
Victor	In 1962 Brooklyn, a Puerto Rican teen who joins a gang is seduced by violence and heroin. But can his mother's love and faith in God save him?
City of Tiny Lights	In moody London, a burned-out sleuth sinks into a world of corruption and murderous romance when he tackles a mysterious case of a missing sex worker.
Houston, We Have a Problem!	Blending fact with myth, this conspiracy-minded docufiction argues that the U.S. purchased Yugoslavia's secret space program in the 1960s.
The Most Beautiful Hands of Delhi	A stalled career, failed marriage and receding hairline drive a middle-aged Swedish man to try to revitalize his life by visiting India.
Intelligence	Clashes both on the street and in the bedroom pits the female head of the Organized Crime Unit against the cocky leader of a pot-smuggling ring.
Aditi Mittal: Things They Wouldn't Let Me Say	Trailblazing comic Aditi Mittal mixes topical stand-up with frank talk about being single, wearing thongs and the awkwardness of Indian movie ratings.
Ari Shaffir: Double Negative	Wry yet thoughtful, comedian Ari Shaffir brings his edgy humor to two fast-paced stand-up specials about children and adulthood.
Theater of Life	This documentary follows chef Massimo Bottura as he opens a soup kitchen to cook gourmet meals for the needy from food waste at the 2015 Milan Expo.
Uncertain Glory	When Lluís, a disinterested Spanish soldier, meets Carlana, he falls quickly in love, but soon discovers that Carlana's true passion is power.
Amar	Young Laura and Carlos experience the intensity and fragility of first love, as life realities gradually tarnish their idealized notions of romance.
Singh Saab the Great	As the result of a TV journalist's curiosity, the amazing saga of an honorable government tax collector's past comes to light.
Vitti Dandu	In a remote village in colonial India, an old man and his grandson display strong differences in their attitudes toward the country's British rulers.
Buddy Thunderstruck: The Maybe Pile	"Champion truck-racing dog Buddy and his best friend, ferret mechanic Darnell, paw through the ""maybe pile"" and test out a bunch of crazy stunts."
Chasing Coral	Divers, scientists and photographers around the world mount an epic underwater campaign to document the disappearance of coral reefs.
To the Bone	Ellen, a 20-year-old with anorexia nervosa, goes on a harrowing, sometimes funny journey of self-discovery at a group home run by an unusual doctor.
D.L. Hughley: Clear	In this 2014 standup special filmed in San Francisco, comedic genius D.L. Hughley entertains with his hilarious take on current affairs and more.
My Scientology Movie	After speaking with former Scientology members and being stonewalled by higher-ups, filmmaker Louis Theroux hires actors to re-create alleged events.
Tom Segura: Completely Normal	Levelheaded stand-up Tom Segura shares offhand appraisals on hotels and opens up about his hobbies and digestive ailments in this comedy special.
Gonul	A nurse escapes from her surgeon fiancé after his ex reveals his dark secrets. She later finds love again, but a car accident changes everything.
Sex Doll	A high-end call girl falls for a handsome man she meets at a nightclub, but he harbors a secret that throws a wrench in their relationship.
1 Mile to You	After escaping the bus accident that killed his girlfriend, a high school student channels his grief into running, with the help of a new coach.
Dawn of the Croods	The world's first family is back for more laughs as they discover sports, sleepovers and other wonders in a world of exotic creatures and adventures.
Degrassi: Next Class	Degrassi's next generation of high-tech newbies and returning students navigates real-world high school drama. If you're a teen, this is your life.
Diamond Lover	After an accident leads to great weight loss, once-obese Mi Duo embarks on a new life working for her secret crush, diamond company CEO Xiao Liang.
King’s War	In 210 B.C., during the upheaval following the death of Emperor Qin, insurgent warriors Xiang Yu and Liu Bang fight for control of the Chinese empire.
Qin Empire: Alliance	During the Warring States period, Qin state ruler Duke Xiao recruits statesman Shang Yang to help enact bold reforms that transform western China.
Take Me	With his simulated kidnapping business flagging, an entrepreneur jumps at a weekend abduction opportunity – only to find the job isn't what it seems.
The Legend of Bruce Lee	The brief but spectacular career of martial arts superstar Bruce Lee is recounted in this drama, starring Danny Chan as the enigmatic and driven Lee.
Motu Patlu: King of Kings	Motu and Patlu want to help a circus lion get back to the jungle. On the way, the three become caught up in an exciting adventure in the forest.
Speech & Debate	Fed up with the hypocrisy of the adults around them, three creative high school misfits revive an old debate club as a way to fight back.
Vegas Baby	A Las Vegas doctor's controversial online contest sees anxious entrants vie for free in vitro fertilization, a procedure rarely covered by insurance.
Black Rose	When a number of Russian women are brutally murdered in Los Angeles, the police call on a Moscow detective to help track down the serial killer.
1 Chance 2 Dance	When an aspiring dancer is uprooted during her senior year of high school, she finds herself torn between two boys – and with one shot at her dream.
10 jours en or	When a carefree bachelor is unexpectedly left in charge of a young boy, the two embark on a road trip that will change both of their lives.
A 2nd Chance	A gymnast lacks the confidence she needs to reach the top. But with the help of her new coach, she has the chance to win a spot on the national team.
Against the Tide	A detective and a psychologist investigating a string of murders form a crime-solving team with the novelist whose work inspired the killings.
Albion: The Enchanted Stallion	After a magical horse transports her to a fantasy world ruled by an evil general, a brave girl sets out to save the land once and for all.
Amrapali	In the age of Buddha and his philosophy of nonviolence, a warmonger king plots the destruction of an enemy kingdom to rescue the woman he loves.
Barbie Life in the Dreamhouse	Join blond icon Barbie and her fabulous friends as their behind-the-scenes adventures are revealed in this animated Web series.
Being Mary Jane: The Series	Ambitious single TV journalist Mary Jane attempts to balance her career with her overbearing family and an increasingly messy love life.
Black Snow	An old tragedy and lingering animosity erupt when a man returns to Patagonia to convince his estranged brother to sell the family's isolated property.
Breakout	After losing her family in a suspicious car crash, a woman awakens from a 13-year coma determined to expose the truth about the long-ago tragedy.
Bruno and Boots: The Wizzle War	Fed up with weird dress codes and wacky punishments, the students of neighboring schools face off against two recently hired oddball authoritarians.
Cheers	Sam Malone, an ex-baseball player turned bar owner, operates a saloon that's always filled with quirky customers and even more eccentric staff.
Deep Water	Back in Bondi Beach, where she grew up, DC Tori Lustigman investigates a gay man's murder and finds a link to her brother's death decades earlier.
El Barco	Forty young crew members traveling aboard a training vessel are in for the adventure of a lifetime – especially when a storm leaves them lost at sea.
Hans Teeuwen: Real Rancour	Comedian Hans Teeuwen rebels against political correctness, proclaims himself Britain's moral leader and takes on Donald Trump.
Here Alone	When she finally encounters two other survivors, a woman alone in a world decimated by a zombie epidemic struggles to trust her new companions.
Ho Mann Jahaan	Three friends in modern-day Karachi navigate their post-college lives, while struggling to balance their passion for music with familial obligations.
Hostages	The night before a surgeon is set to operate on a prime minister her family is held hostage by gunmen who insist she kill him or her family will die.
Intersection	Two wealthy businessmen with car obsessions cross paths with an idealist pediatrician. Love enters the equation, and their lives change for good.
Kikoriki	A wacky rabbit and his gang of animal pals have fun solving problems, sharing stories and exploring their sometimes magical, always special world.
Lal Patthar	A vain, self-righteous nobleman falls in love with a village girl and tries to transform her into his version of the ideal woman.
Learning Songs by Little Baby Bum: Nursery Rhyme Friends	Simple songs mix with colorful animation to teach youngsters about concepts such as animals, vehicles, numbers, colors and more.
Liar's Dice	A woman from a small mountain village disobeys her village elders and sets out for the big city in search of her missing husband.
Momo Salon	An aspiring hair stylist opens her own salon. It turns into a mail-holding hub for busy neighbors, but she seizes the chance to promote her business.
Mystic Whispers	After a car accident enables a young woman to hear mysterious sounds, she meets a mortician. Together, they listen to ghosts and try to help them.
Players	Learning of a fortune in gold being secretly shipped to Romania, master thieves Charlie and Riya assemble a crack team to steal it.
Professor	A college grad in need of money must disguise himself as an old man to tutor two young women who are under the watchful eye of their strict aunt.
Spice Up	A spoiled young woman steps in to save her family’s restaurant with her cooking and tasting skills while balancing her complicated love life.
The Andy Griffith Show	Homespun humor and easygoing Sheriff Andy Taylor are at the center of this nostalgic look at Mayberry, a small town filled with lovable characters.
The Invisible Guest	After waking next to his now-dead lover in a hotel room, a young businessman hires a prominent lawyer to figure out how he ended up a murder suspect.
The Oath	Two doctors with opposite approaches to treating patients clash on the job and must learn to trust each other's expertise, allowing love to bloom.
The Truth Seekers	A veteran cop forms an agency dedicated to solving cold cases, including those related to the team members' own painful and mysterious pasts.
The Twilight Zone (Original Series)	Hosted by creator Rod Serling, this groundbreaking anthology series presents tales of the supernatural that are often tinged with social commentary.
The Ultimatum	Love and intrigue swirl around two women – one a champion of human rights, the other an ambitious businesswoman – who were switched at birth.
Tik Tok	A police officer and a psychologist learn of a sinister threat at a highly anticipated soccer match and team up in hopes of preventing disaster.
Twin Peaks	"""Who killed Laura Palmer?"" is the question on everyone's lips in a secretive small town, but as an eccentric FBI agent learns, the answer isn't easy."
Unriddle	When a hard-nosed detective reluctantly partners with an informant to solve complex cases, she uncovers links to a particularly puzzling cold case.
Waar	When Pakistani authorities learn of a looming terrorist strike, they ask a retired intelligence officer to counter the attack before it's too late.
World at Your Feet	A group of struggling individuals are united by a love of soccer. At the center is Renxin, a reclusive widower and former coach who needs new hope.
Wrong No.	Two identical strangers pursue their respective dreams after exchanging lives and getting out from under the thumb of their controlling loved ones.
Yaar Gaddar	When his brother becomes involved in a deadly bank robbery, a heartbroken cop vows to track down and retrieve his wayward sibling – dead or alive.
Yes We Can!	When a frustrated businessman starts his own firm, it soon morphs into a way to help senior citizens refresh their dying traditional trades.
Yours Fatefully	Two lonely singles meet on a blind date and slowly get to know each other, unaware that their parents are friends and may be falling in love.
Zipi & Zape y la Isla del Capitan	At Christmas, Zip and Zap take a trip with their parents to a remote island, where a friendly woman runs a children's home and mystery awaits.
Criminal Minds	This intense police procedural follows a group of extraordinary FBI profilers who spend their days getting into the minds of psychopathic criminals.
Footprints: The Path of Your Life	This documentary follows 10 men who agree to walk the Camino de Santiago, a 500-mile, 40-day trek that will challenge their strength and faith.
Gypsy	Therapist Jean Holloway develops dangerous and intimate relationships with the people in her patients' lives in this simmering psychological thriller.
Little Witch Academia	Akko enrolls at the Luna Nova Witchcraft Academy. She's not the best student, but her bright attitude is the key to her and her friends' success.
The House on Coco Road	This film chronicles the journey of Fannie Haughton, an Oakland activist who fled to Grenada with her family just prior to the U.S. invasion in 1983.
Okja	A gentle giant and the girl who raised her are caught in the crossfire between animal activism, corporate greed and scientific ethics.
Chris D'Elia: Man on Fire	Unbridled comic Chris D'Elia reconsiders his approach to major life events like marriage, not having kids and buying pants for your friends.
I Am Michael	Gay activist Michael Glatze begins a painful journey when he decides to renounce his sexuality for his religion in this drama based on true story.
Neruda	When a Chilean policeman vows to find and capture leftist poet Pablo Neruda, a game of cat and mouse ensues that tests both their wills.
Kaabil	The happy life of a young blind couple is shattered when the wife is raped and corrupt police won't help, sending the husband on a quest for revenge.
Bruno and Boots: Go Jump in the Pool	To keep pal Boots from being sent to a rival school with better athletics, prankster Bruno leads an epic campaign to build a pool at Macdonald Hall.
Bruno and Boots: This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall	The biggest troublemakers at Macdonald Hall are Bruno and Boots, who are caught and face an unthinkable punishment: separation into different dorms.
American Anarchist	"This documentary profiles William Powell, who wrote the ""The Anarchist Cookbook"" in the early 1970s and spent his later life regretting his actions."
Nobody Speak: Trials of the Free Press	Hulk Hogan's court case against Gawker Media sheds light on wealthy, powerful figures who challenge freedom of the press in order to silence critics.
Tarzan 2	How did the King of the Jungle ascend to the throne? Find out in this charming prequel to the hit animated movie that catches Tarzan as a young child.
You Get Me	"After a one-night stand, Holly develops a dangerous obsession with Tyler and transfers to his high school, desperate to keep their ""romance"" alive."
Bokeh	After learning they are the sole survivors of an eerie apocalypse, a young American couple on vacation in Iceland ponder their love and the future.
XX	This four-part anthology of short horror films features stories that include some traditional themes but all are shown from a female point of view.
Dangal	A once-promising wrestler pursues the gold medal he never won by training two of his daughters to compete at the Commonwealth Games.
Young & Hungry	A female food blogger is hired as a personal chef by a young tech tycoon and faces a new menu of challenges, both inside and outside of the kitchen.
Amar Akbar & Tony	The brotherly bond between three childhood friends – one Sikh, one Muslim and one Catholic – is tested by the often comic absurdities of adulthood.
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures	Teenage Pac and his loyal crew face the ups and downs of adolescence while protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus.
Puss in Book: Trapped in an Epic Tale	After tumbling into a magic storybook, Puss in Boots must fight, dance and romance his way through wild adventures as he searches for an escape.
Rory Scovel Tries Stand-Up for the First Time	"Comedian Rory Scovel storms the stage in Atlanta, where he shares unfocused thoughts about things that mystify him, relationships and the ""Thong Song."""
The Incident	Two criminals race down a stairwell, a cop close behind. A bickering family begins a road trip. Their journeys will take far longer than expected.
The Stanford Prison Experiment	Conducting a study on the psychology of incarceration, a Stanford professor assigns guard and prisoner roles to 24 male test subjects in a mock jail.
Aquarius	Amid the turmoil of 1960s LA, two cops and a prominent political family are drawn into the sex- and drug-fueled web of a young Charles Manson.
Counterpunch	As boxing's popularity wanes, three fighters at different stages of their career make sacrifices to pursue their dreams of becoming champions.
The Real Miyagi	A look at the life of karate master Fumio Demura shows how he spread the discipline in the West, winning countless devotees and influencing Hollywood.
What the Health	This film examines the link between diet and disease, and the billions of dollars at stake in the healthcare, pharmaceutical and food industries.
World of Winx	"The reality show ""WOW!"" engages the Winx in their mission, starting an undercover, worldly journey in order to make talented kids' dreams come true."
Cave	Torn between old camaraderie and recent tensions, three ex-soldiers reunite to explore a deadly cave but soon discover terror beyond all expectations.
Kanavu Variyam	Despite doubts from fellow villagers who think he’s crazy, an ambitious dropout commits himself to solving a persistent local electricity crisis.
Marco Luque: Tamo Junto	Eclectic character comedian Marco Luque plays himself in this stand-up special about relationships, regional differences and his own love of movies.
Mr. Gaga: A True Story of Love and Dance	World-renowned choreographer Ohad Naharin is profiled in this vivid documentary that mixes rehearsal footage with insights about his influence.
S Is for Stanley	This film examines the complex life of iconic filmmaker Stanley Kubrick, as seen through the eyes of his devoted longtime driver, Emilio D'Alessandro.
The Russian Revolution	Starting in 1881, this film describes how the personal battle between the royal Romanovs and Lenin's Ulyanov family led to the Russian Revolution.
Dragonheart: Battle for the Heartfire	When the king of Brittania dies, the dragon who shares his heart must find a new ruler, but the monarch's grandchildren go to war over the throne.
Oh, Hello On Broadway	Two delusional geriatrics reveal curious pasts, share a love of tuna and welcome a surprise guest in this filming of the popular Broadway comedy show.
28 Moons	When her fiancé acts strangely upon receiving a mysterious invitation, a florist sets out to find out the truth behind the tiny scrap of paper.
Daughters of the Dust	An African American Gullah family leaves their coastal island home in 1902 and risks losing their culture to start a new life on the U.S. mainland.
Havenhurst	"An alcoholic with a tragic past rents an apartment in a building for those in recovery, but soon learns the truth about residents who get ""evicted."""
Magic Phone	When an ordinary guy crosses paths 15 years later with his childhood sweetheart, now an actress, a magic cellphone allows him to be her protector.
Man to Man	Disguised as a bodyguard, a special agent must complete his national secret tasks while pandering to the whims of his ill-tempered world star.
My Little Baby	A top detective in the violent crimes unit becomes the sole guardian of his 6-month-old niece when his sister and her husband pass away unexpectedly.
Singles Villa	In a luxurious condominium complex with draconian rules forbidding all romance, two residents fall in love and dare to start a secret relationship.
Sword Master	Haunted by the past, a master swordsman masks his identity to work anonymously as a janitor in a brothel, setting in motion a violent chain of events.
Under the Black Moonlight	A college art club welcomes a new member who has the secret ability to smell death and who warns one of them to leave her boyfriend ... or else.
My Only Love Song	When things don't go her way during a shooting for her new show, a top actress runs away in an old van that guides her on a time-traveling journey.
Shimmer Lake	Unfolding in reverse time, this darkly comic crime thriller follows a local sheriff hunting three bank robbery suspects, one of whom is his brother.
Hypersomnia	A young actress rehearsing for a play about human trafficking begins to relive terrifying scenes that may be dreams – or an alternate reality.
Suite Française	Waiting for news of her prisoner-of-war husband, a French woman in Nazi-occupied France reluctantly falls for a German officer quartering in her home.
The Wishing Tree	Five children living on the edge of a forest band together to save a magical wishing tree from destruction and find their own paths to happiness.
Acapulco La vida va	Three lifelong friends travel to Acapulco ostensibly so one of them can find his lost love, but the real reason behind the trip holds some surprises.
Headshot	When a young man wakes from a coma, memories of brutal violence begin to surface, putting his life – and that of his doctor – in jeopardy.
Three	A master criminal engineers his own shooting during a police raid, then refuses treatment while awaiting rescue in a tense standoff at a hospital.
Tunnel	A poorly constructed tunnel collapses, leaving a man trapped in his car with only two bottles of water and his daughter's birthday cake to survive on.
1898: Our Last Men in the Philippines	While Spain relinquishes its last colonies, a battle-fatigued outpost engages in a long, brutal and sometimes bizarre clash with Filipino insurgents.
Crashing	In exchange for low rent, a hodgepodge group of 20-something tenants set up residence as property guards in a disused hospital, where hilarity ensues.
Flaked	In his funky California beach enclave, Chip's the go-to guy for personal insights. But he isn't quite as enlightened when it comes to his own baggage.
Lucid Dream	After searching for his abducted son for three years, a devastated father attempts to track down his missing child through lucid dreams.
The Homecoming	"Panelists from the Korean show ""Abnormal Summit"" lead cast mates on tours of their home countries, including China, Nepal, Italy, Canada and France."
Aashik Awara	Raised by a kindly thief, orphaned Jimmy goes on the run from goons and falls in love with Jyoti, whose father indirectly caused his parents' deaths.
Amelia: A Tale of Two Sisters	Eight decades after her disappearance, Amelia Earhart's incredible accomplishments are still celebrated, thanks in large part to her sister Muriel.
Betting on Zero	This documentary dives into the complex world of Herbalife, the international nutritional products company accused of being a pyramid scheme.
Burlesque: Heart of the Glitter Tribe	This revealing documentary probes the onstage personas of Portland, Oregon, burlesque performers who practice wildly different art forms.
Catfight	Two college frenemies whose lives aren't what they hoped meet up decades later and escalate their resentments from verbal jabs to bloody brawls.
Chingo Bling: They Can't Deport Us All	On point and larger than life, rapper and stand-up comic Chingo Bling gathers his funniest friends for a rambunctious take on Tex-Mex culture.
Devil's Bride	On a small Finnish island in 1666, a teenage girl in love with a married fisherman becomes the center of a tragic witch hunt and power struggle.
Fear Files... Har Mod Pe Darr	Possessed lovers, witches, haunted houses and more bring tales of horror to the screen in this anthology series.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas	The Grinch decides to rob Whoville of Christmas – but a dash of kindness from little Cindy Lou Who and her family may be enough to melt his heart.
How to Stage a Coup	Explore how Caesar, Napoleon, Mussolini, Hitler and modern-day dictators consolidated their considerable power through bold and brazen coups.
Jackie: A Tale of Two Sisters	Rachael Stirling narrates this multifaceted portrait of former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and her younger sister, Lee Radziwill.
Jhansi Ki Rani	In British-ruled, 19th-century India, a 14-year-old girl trains as a warrior and becomes a devoted crusader in her country's fight for independence.
Lens	Addicted to webcams and voyeurism, a married man gets more than he bargained for when an online stranger tries to force him to watch a suicide.
Little Boxes	After moving from New York City to a small town in Washington state, an interracial couple and their preteen son struggle to adjust to their new life.
Love.com	When a fashion blogger falls for a video game vlogger, their romance goes viral. But separating their virtual life from reality gets complicated.
Maya Memsaab	A beautiful, wealthy woman’s insatiable appetite for romance leads to tragedy and a police investigation.
Michael Lost and Found	Benjie Nycum travels to Wyoming to visit his ex-lover, Michael Glatze, a former gay activist who now lives with his wife and works as a church pastor.
Mind Game	With the help of a cop, a psychologist and a woman who can foretell the future, a brilliant paralegal works to solve an array of perplexing mysteries.
Miniforce	Four animal superheroes called the Miniforce transform into robots to protect small and defenseless creatures from the hands of scheming villains.
Mutant Busters	After a natural disaster known as the Big Fart leaves Earth divided, only Sheriff and his rebel misfits can protect the planet from a mutant invasion.
Off Camera	Photographer, writer and director Sam Jones sets his famous guests at ease with his freewheeling, insightful celebrity interviews without agendas.
Oh Darling Yeh Hai India	A penniless actor new to Mumbai and a beautiful woman he meets one fateful night try to stop a gangster from replacing India's president with a twin.
Pablo Escobar, el patrón del mal	From his days as a petty thief to becoming head of a drug-trafficking empire, this riveting series charts the life of the infamous Pablo Escobar.
Power Battle Watch Car	Jino and his Watch Car, Bluewill, compete in the Battle League to become world champions. Meanwhile, a dark force threatens to destroy them all.
Prince	To better himself, a spoiled prince temporarily assumes a commoner’s identity. But he soon learns his palace has been gifted to his father’s new wife.
Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya	From teen lovers defying social and religious taboos to a student falling for her teacher, these stories explore joy and heartache in modern romance.
Qila	When an abusive landowner is murdered, his twin brother sets out to find the killer but quickly discovers that everyone, it seems, wanted him dead.
Rab Se Sohna Isshq	A complex love triangle goes horribly wrong in this epic, multigenerational saga involving romance, revenge, mistaken identity and amnesia.
Smoke & Mirrors	Betrayed by the Spanish government he once served, a former secret agent plots to steal millions of dollars embezzled by a corrupt public official.
The Day Will Come	In 1967, two brothers from Copenhagen, Denmark, wind up in an orphanage, where the headmaster's cruel tyranny slowly provokes the kids to push back.
The Dream Job	A mysterious, wealthy man offers three people a lucrative, unusual job that may be too good to be true: Live the high life as his children and heirs.
The Golden Years with Javed Akhtar	Writer, poet and lyricist Javed Akhtar hosts this musical trip down memory lane, revealing untold stories behind India's best songs of 1950-75.
The Mitfords: A Tale of Two Sisters	Jessica and Diana were sisters who were separated by just a few years in age. But their political ideologies couldn't have been any farther apart.
Y Tu Mamá También	When rich teens Tenoch and Julio meet the alluring, older Luisa, they try to impress her with stories of a road trip, then convince her to join them.
Without Gorky	A filmmaker trains the camera on her own family as she examines the impact her grandfather, troubled artist Arshile Gorky, had on three generations.
American Crime	This anthology series unfolds a different story arc for each season, with dramas focusing on aspects of American life and the criminal justice system.
Sarah Silverman A Speck of Dust	In her first comedy special post-health scare, Sarah Silverman shares a mix of fun facts, sad truths and yeah-she-just-went-there moments.
Forever Pure	The furor over the addition of two Muslim players to the Beitar Jerusalem soccer club underscores the role of institutionalized racism in Israel.
Rangoon	During World War II, daredevil star Miss Julia entertains soldiers at the Indo-Burma border, where she's caught up in a web of love and deceit.
Bloodline	When the black sheep son of a respected family threatens to expose dark secrets from their past, sibling loyalties are put to the test.
I Am Jane Doe	This intense documentary follows real cases of American girls enslaved in the child sex trade through ads in a newspaper's online classified section.
Joshua: Teenager vs. Superpower	Mobilized by teenage activist Joshua Wong, young citizens of Hong Kong take to the streets in a bid to preserve their history of autonomy from China.
Raees	After street smart kid Raees rises to become Gujarat's bootlegging king in the 1980s, he tries to balance his life of crime with helping his people.
Red vs. Blue	This parody of first-person shooter games, military life and science-fiction films centers on a civil war fought in the middle of a desolate canyon.
War Machine	When a proud general is tasked with winning an unpopular war, he takes the challenge head-on, not knowing that hubris may be his own worst enemy.
Detour	Convinced his stepfather caused the crash that left his mother in a coma, a law student drunkenly agrees to his murder, then can't rescind the deal.
Arès	A futuristic France tries to keep its people from despair and rebellion over crippling poverty by engaging them with a violent TV competition show.
Hasan Minhaj: Homecoming King	"Comic Hasan Minhaj of ""The Daily Show"" shares personal stories about racism, immigrant parents, prom night horrors and more in this stand-up special."
12 Years Promise	A pregnant teen is forced by her family to leave her boyfriend and assume a new identity in America, but 12 years later, the couple reunites in Korea.
Beating Again	After enduring both business and family upheavals, a ruthless investment director has a heart transplant and finds a new way to look at life and love.
Can We Get Married?	On the cusp of marriage or divorce, four couples consider the meaning of love, sharing a life, meddling families and the weight of their commitment.
Elizabeth at 90: A Family Tribute	A blend of the royal family's intimate recollections and rarely seen home movies pays tribute to Queen Elizabeth II on the eve of her 90th birthday.
Last	When his big stock plan fails, a hotshot fund manager winds up homeless and must learn the secret ranking system of the street in order to survive.
Secret Affair	A married middle-aged woman is swept off her feet, both romantically and artistically, by a gifted young pianist.
This Is My Love	A renowned actor who is still pining over the loss of his first real love writes an autobiography about his memories of her, hoping to reconnect.
Velvet	In 1950s Spain, the heir to a fashion house romances a beautiful seamstress who works for the company, despite the objections of his family.
Behzat Ç.	An Ankara homicide detective with a dark personal life and a disdain for rules and political correctness solves murders and fights police corruption.
BLAME!	Inside a vast, self-replicating city bent on eliminating all life, mysterious loner Killy emerges to guide a remnant of humanity desperate to survive.
Hidden Singer	Pop stars and impersonators face off to be the last one standing as the audience tries to determine the real singer by listening to their voices only.
Highland: Thailand's Marijuana Awakening	Thailand's complicated history with marijuana continues to play a role in its policies and laws, as well as the health and security of its citizens.
Laerte-se	After living as a man for nearly 60 years, Laerte Coutinho, one of Brazil's most brilliant cartoonists, introduces herself to the world as a woman.
Mother Goose Club	Classic nursery rhymes and children's songs get a fresh twist in this high-energy program that helps kids learn as they dance and sing along.
The Keepers	This docuseries examines the decades-old murder of Sister Catherine Cesnik and its suspected link to a priest accused of abuse.
El Clon	Religion thwarted Lucas and Jade's young love. They reunite decades later, but Jade's heart is torn between the man she knew and his younger clone.
Royal Pains	Dr. Hank Lawson unexpectedly gets a career upgrade as a freelance physician treating New York's aristocratic upper crust in their posh Hamptons homes.
Christine	In a film based on true events, an awkward but ambitious TV reporter struggles to adapt when she's ordered to focus on violent and salacious stories.
The Place Beyond the Pines	A violent confrontation between a motorcycle-riding bank robber and a rookie cop spirals into a tense generational feud.
Tracy Morgan: Staying Alive	In his first special since his serious car accident, Tracy Morgan cracks jokes about life in a coma, his second marriage and his family's dark side.
Chamatkar	A village schoolteacher and the ghost of a murdered man, who were both betrayed by those closest to them, join forces to help each other.
Classic Legends	This documentary series explores the glamour of Bollywood through the stories of the men and women who have illuminated its screens.
Command and Control	Chronicling a 1980 Titan II missile accident, this sobering documentary weighs the balance of power and safety involving weapons of mass destruction.
Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa	A dreamer falls for a girl who is in love with someone else and tries to create a rift between her and the man she loves.
Lovesong	Best friends Sarah and Mindy share an unexpected moment while on a road trip. Years later, the two struggle to reconnect before a wedding.
Natascha Kampusch: The Whole Story	A Viennese child who was kidnapped and held captive in a basement before escaping after eight years reveals her headline-making story of survival.
Ram Jaane	Two boyhood pals – one righteous, the other a criminal – take very different paths to adulthood. Their love for the same woman may prove disastrous.
Sherlock	In this updated take on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's beloved mystery tales, the eccentric sleuth prowls the streets of modern London in search of clues.
Sin senos no hay paraíso	Inspired by a true story, this TV drama shadows a young Colombian woman who goes to shocking lengths to escape a life of poverty.
Smash: Motorized Mayhem	Buckle up for a look inside a biannual school bus race in Florida, a harrowing event where carnage and collisions are most definitely encouraged.
The Devil's Mistress	Before the dawn of World War II, an ambitious actress pursues her dreams in Berlin. But her plans derail when she becomes Joseph Goebbels’ mistress.
The Intent	After burgeoning criminal Gunz joins the increasingly violent TIC crew, the gang finds itself dealing with threats from all sides.
The Hunt	Witness some of the most riveting showdowns in the animal kingdom as cameras capture leopards, polar bears and other predators targeting their prey.
Wild Oats	When insurance accidentally pays her millions, retired teacher Eva and her pal Maddie head to the Canary Islands for the adventure of their lives.
All Hail King Julien: Exiled	Julien's been dethroned, but loyal friends and some very unlikely allies will propel the lovable lemur on a colorful journey to take back his kingdom.
Get Me Roger Stone	Examine the rise, fall and rebirth of political operative Roger Stone, who's been an influential member of Team Trump for decades.
Master of None	Dev tries to jump-start his acting career and elevate his dating game with help from his eclectic group of friends in this award-winning series.
Mindhorn	When a twisted killer tells the police he'll only speak to a fictional 1980s TV detective, the washed-up actor who played him takes the gig.
Sahara	When his new love is captured by an evil snake charmer, a young cobra and his scorpion best friend set out across the desert on a wild rescue mission.
Aiyyaa	An outspoken, imaginative girl from a conservative family pursues her dream man while fending off the prospect of an arranged marriage.
Bbuddah Hoga Terra Baap	A cooly confident aging hit man returns from exile in Paris to his old city, Mumbai, to revisit his past and perform one last job.
Gabbar Is Back	"After a vengeful college professor targets corruption in the government, he adopts the name ""Gabbar"" and becomes a hero to a weary public."
Madras Café	An Indian intelligence agent journeys to a war-torn coastal island to break a resolute rebel group and meets a passionate journalist.
Michael	After a dedicated cop accidentally kills a 12-year-old boy, he's fired, harassed and forced to take menial work as he tries to keep his life together.
The Adventure Club	After finding a peculiar key, three smart and adventurous kids launch a quest to uncover the whereabouts of a coveted archaeological treasure.
The Apostate	A young man determined to renounce Catholicism by having his baptismal records excised is thwarted by church bureaucracy and his own inner conflicts.
Norm Macdonald: Hitler's Dog, Gossip & Trickery	In this new stand-up special, Norm Macdonald delivers sly, deadpan observations from an older – and perhaps even wiser – point of view.
National Bird	Three former military operatives offer disturbing, firsthand accounts of the deadly impact that U.S. drone warfare has had on civilians overseas.
LoveTrue	In this blend of documentary and dramatization, circumstances test notions of love held by a young stripper, a single-dad surfer and a teen musician.
Handsome: A Netflix Mystery Movie	Homicide detective Gene Handsome sets out to solve a woman's murder while searching for clues about what's missing from his personal life.
Kazoops!	Music meets imagination in this inventive animated series about thinking outside the box and having fun.
Simplemente Manu NNa	Eclectic stand-up comic Manu NNa relays everyday tales about the struggles of being gay in Mexico and shares his love of telenovelas and mezcal.
The Mars Generation	"Self-professed teenage ""space nerds"" at Space Camp chase their dreams of traveling to Mars, while experts reflect on NASA's history and future."
What Happens to My Family	A naïve young woman goes to Istanbul to meet the now-grown boy who jokingly promised to marry her in 11 years after she saved his life as a child.
Pasión de Gavilanes	Three brothers seek to avenge the tragic death of a loved one, but become emotionally entangled with the daughters of those they hold responsible.
Maria Bamford: Old Baby	Maria Bamford performs a rapid-fire, playful stand-up set for crowds at park benches, bowling alleys and LA theaters in this roving comedy special.
Two Lovers and a Bear	A troubled couple living near the North Pole begins a perilous journey south in an attempt to find peace and vanquish ghosts from the past.
A Kind of Murder	Obsessed with an unsolved murder case, a crime novelist stuck in an unhappy marriage fantasizes about killing his wife, who soon turns up dead.
A Yellow Bird	In Singapore, a homeless ex-convict hoping to reunite with his family forms a bond with a Chinese sex worker while serving as her bodyguard.
Abby Sen	After losing his seventh job in a row, a TV producer and sci-fi buff travels back in time to 1980, where his employment prospects improve.
Bittoo Boss	When a small-town wedding videographer falls in love, he decides he needs to make more money and turns to shooting sexy videos – with mixed results.
Bombay Talkies	A gay man deals with his sexuality, a struggling actor has an epiphany, a boy becomes a dancer, and a man tries to fulfill his father's dying wish.
Boss	Disowned by his father as a boy, Surya is taken in by a crime boss. When his brother Shiv is wrongly imprisoned, his father pleads for Surya's help.
Budhia Singh: Born to Run	In this thought-provoking biopic, an idealistic judo trainer adopts a boy from the slums and grooms him into the world's youngest marathon runner.
Chaahat	A vulnerable singer is forced to choose between the girl he loves and another who has developed an unhealthy obsession with him.
Chashme Buddoor	When pretty new neighbor Seema falls for their shy roommate Sid, jealous womanizers Omi and Jai plot to break up the new lovebirds.
Defying the Nazis: The Sharps' War	This film documents the story of minister Waitstill Sharp and his wife, Martha, who risked everything to save thousands of refugees fleeing the Nazis.
Dharam Sankat Mein	After learning he was adopted from a Muslim couple, a Hindu man seeks his birth father but finds he must confront his bigotry to realize his quest.
Don't Think Twice	Six talented but struggling improv comics see a sudden shift in their troupe's dynamic after one of them lands a much-coveted gig on television.
Drishyam	An unexceptional man becomes a murder suspect when the son of a high-ranking police official who harassed his daughter goes missing.
English Babu Desi Mem	After his brother dies, wealthy Vikram reluctantly returns to India and forms a surprise bond with his orphaned nephew and the showgirl raising him.
Fire in the Blood	Dylan Mohan Gray examines Africa's AIDS crisis and activists' battle with pharmaceutical companies to make life-saving HIV drugs more affordable.
Gollu Aur Pappu	Hapless brothers Gollu and Pappu stumble into a terrorist plot and end up being ordered to detonate a bomb, a task they are destined to bungle.
HALO Legends	This anthology features seven independent anime shorts from renowned directors, delving into the futuristic universe of the video game franchise Halo.
Harry Benson: Shoot First	This film chronicles the career of photographer Harry Benson, who earned global renown with his candid shots of the Beatles and other celebrities.
He Even Has Your Eyes	When French-African couple Paul and Sali discover the longed-for baby they are about to adopt is white, family chaos and confrontation ensue.
In the Shadow of Iris	The sudden disappearance of a wealthy banker's wife cracks open a dizzying world of secret fetishes, desperate acts and elaborate deceptions.
Inkaar	An ad agency CEO is put under investigation when his ambitious protégée – and lover – accuses him of sexual harassment, vying for his top position.
Japanese Style Originator	Find out everything there is to know about Japanese tradition, from food to culture to objects and arts, and the people who are continuing it today.
JFK: The Making of a President	Explore how John F. Kennedy's worldview was influenced by his younger years, when he endured poor health, family tragedy and a demanding father.
Kiss & Cry	Faced with a rare form of throat cancer, teen figure skater Carley Allison finds strength in singing for an online audience in this biopic.
Loev	Lives are upended when a hiking trip leads a Wall Street hotshot to explore his true feelings for an old pal who’s disenchanted with his boyfriend.
Losing Sight of Shore	This documentary recounts the feats of the Coxless Crew, a team of four women who rowed from San Francisco to Australia in support of two charities.
Mary Kom	The daughter of a poor rice farmer overcomes the objections of her father and the demands of a male-dominated society to pursue a career in boxing.
Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise	Poet and civil rights activist Maya Angelou is celebrated using her own words set over rare photographs and video illustrating her remarkable life.
Moh Maya Money	After investing in a shady deal that quickly falls apart, a morally flexible real estate agent involves his wife in a dangerous recovery plan.
Mostly Sunny	Explore the unconventional career of Sunny Leone, who transitioned from adult film star to Bollywood actress and reality TV star.
Mumbai Delhi Mumbai	In Delhi for the first time, a Mumbai girl loses her phone but gets a surprise chance at true love with a local boy who begrudgingly helps her.
Oh My God	Mumbai shopkeeper Kanji Bhai files a lawsuit against God when an earthquake destroys his store and his insurance policy won't cover the damage.
One by Two	The lives of a Mumbai man and woman who are both dealing with issues intersect through a TV dance show that she wants to win but he wants to sabotage.
Pyaar Ka Punchnama	Matters of the heart introduce chaos into the once-idyllic bachelor existence of three young men who share an apartment.
Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2	Three young bachelors find the reality of relationships to be far removed from the idea of true romance that they had once pursued.
Queen	A jilted bride decides to go on her European honeymoon anyway – by herself – and ends up embarking on a journey of self-discovery.
Raja Hindustani	When a poor taxi driver falls in love with a wealthy young woman, he must stand up to her family and contend with his own insecurities.
Saeed Mirza: The Leftist Sufi	This documentary profiles the celebrated Hindi film director known as much for his embrace of leftist politics and social concerns as lyrical cinema.
Shaitan	When they're blackmailed after a hit-and-run, a troubled rich girl and her wild friends stage a fake kidnapping with a plan to collect the ransom.
Special 26	In this fact-based crime drama, a gang of con artists posing as government officials executes a heist in the form of a raid on a prominent jeweler.
Tanu Weds Manu	When London-based doctor Manu reluctantly returns to India to find a bride, he meets the girl of his dreams – only to discover she loves another man.
The Next Skin	When a withdrawn, long-missing teenager reappears in a chilly alpine town, his heartbroken family begins to wonder if he's actually who he says he is.
What the Fish	A crabby woman leaves home for a vacation and entrusts her niece's fiancé to feed her fish and adhere to a strict set of rules. He has other ideas.
Yamla Pagla Deewana 2	Up to his old tricks, con man Dharam poses as a millionaire to get his younger son married to the daughter of a wealthy businessman.
2015 Dream Concert	The world's biggest K-pop festival marked its 21st year in 2015, with groups such as EXO, 4Minute and SHINee electrifying the Seoul World Cup Stadium.
A Murder in the Park	This documentary excoriates a noted anti-death-penalty activist and his team, whose questionable methods got a convicted killer freed in 1999.
Casting JonBenet	Local actors from JonBenet Ramsey's hometown offer multiple perspectives on her 1996 murder as they vie to play roles in a dramatization of the case.
Jumping Girl	Sang-ah would do anything to shield pop star Ah-shin from rabid fans. But after an act of protection gone wrong, it looks like she's the crazy one.
President	An ambitious, talented politician embarks on an intense journey toward winning the presidency while juggling his complicated family affairs.
Rodney King	Roger Guenveur Smith gives voice to the man at the center of the brutal police beating that helped fuel the 1992 LA riots. Spike Lee directs.
Small Crimes	After serving a six-year prison sentence, an ex-cop tries to rebuild his life in his hometown, but gets caught up in the fallout from his past.
What in the World Happened?	A happy secret romance between a 40-year-old woman and a 25-year-old man is complicated after a greeting card grants her wish to be young again.
Mar de Plástico	In a town in southern Spain where racial tensions run high among the workers in its many greenhouses, a cop investigates the murder of a young woman.
The Daughter	Having returned home for his cagey father's wedding, an estranged man gets to know his childhood friend's family and uncovers a devastating secret.
Dear Zindagi	A young cinematographer with a bright professional future and a lack of empathy learns the importance of balancing ambition with humanity.
Shepherds and Butchers	When a young prison guard commits murder in South Africa, an ardent lawyer aims to prove he was psychologically unbalanced by his role in executions.
The 101-Year-Old Man Who Skipped Out on the Bill and Disappeared	In need of money, an eccentric ex-spy and his younger octogenarian partner embark on an international quest for a valuable Soviet soda formula.
Vir Das: Abroad Understanding	Comedian Vir Das tackles nationalism, globalism, good food and bad politics in two cleverly crosscut performances in New York and New Delhi.
Liv and Maddie	After four years in Hollywood as a television star, Liv returns to Wisconsin to discover that either she – or her family – has changed.
Fangbone	Magically transported from far-off Skullbania, a young barbarian teams up with an odd third-grader to protect his homeland from an evil sorcerer.
Secrets of Althorp - The Spencers	Princess Diana's brother, Charles, the ninth Earl Spencer, leads a tour of Althorp House, the manor the Spencer family has called home for 500 years.
Secrets of Scotland Yard	Revisit famous cases and explore the history of Scotland Yard, one of the world's oldest detective forces and a name synonymous with crime solving.
Secrets of Selfridges	American Harry Gordon Selfridge introduced Londoners to a new retail model that made shopping less of a practical pursuit and more of an adventure.
Secrets of Underground London	Experts examine the ruins and relics hidden beneath London's surface, unearthing a Roman amphitheater, plague pits, air raid shelters and more.
Secrets of Westminster	Take an insider's tour of Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey to discover the little-known history and pageantry of these famous buildings.
Girlboss	Rebellious and broke, Sophia stumbles into creating an online business and learns how to be the boss. A comedy inspired by the best-selling memoir.
Hot Girls Wanted: Turned On	Personal stories reveal how the intersection of sex, technology and intimate relationships is rewiring us in fundamental ways.
Sand Castle	After the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a reluctant soldier's platoon is dispatched on a dangerous mission to repair a hostile village's water system.
The Mr. Peabody and Sherman Show	Mr. Peabody and Sherman host a zany late-night comedy show from a swanky penthouse, with time-traveling historical figures and a live audience.
Tramps	Pulled into a shady briefcase swap for different reasons, young strangers Danny and Ellie spend an eventful night together when the deal goes wrong.
The Cravings	Thirtysomething career woman Jae-yeong attempts to juggle her job and personal relationships, all the while never failing to eat well.
American Experience: Ruby Ridge	A botched attempt to arrest a white supremacist in Idaho results in a gun battle, a standoff and three deaths that galvanize public opinion in 1992.
Oklahoma City	Domestic terrorist Timothy McVeigh's bomb attack on an Oklahoma City federal building in 1995 is chronicled in this examination of the shocking event.
Bigger Fatter Liar	When his video game concept is stolen by a dishonest executive, a teenage chronic liar sets out to prove that he's telling the truth, for once.
Lucas Brothers: On Drugs	Deadpan twin comics Keith and Kenny Lucas take the stage in Brooklyn with a set that touches on drugs, race, Deion Sanders, teachers and O.J. Simpson.
Manglehorn	A reclusive small-town locksmith who can't stop writing letters to a lost love meets a kindly bank teller who challenges him to look to the future.
A Patch of Fog	When a guard catches a writer-television host shoplifting, instead of turning him in, he only asks to be a friend, then begins to rule his life.
Agent Raghav	A mix of brilliance, erudition and skill enables a modern Sherlock Holmes to solve impossible cases, all while he tries to heal personal wounds.
Bhaage Re Mann	An impulsive, free-spirited woman who's defied convention for much of her life suddenly finds herself flirting with a classic romance.
Bibi & Tina	Teen witch Bibi and horse-loving Tina face trouble when a posh girl flirts with Tina's boyfriend and a crook sets his greedy eyes on a promising foal.
Bibi & Tina II	When robbers hit Falkenstein castle, teen witch Bibi and pal Tina hunt for the crooks, then devise a plan to save the neighbors' failing ranch.
Bibi & Tina: Girls Versus Boys	At summer camp, young Bibi and her friends are pitted against the boys in a treasure hunt. But what's a witch to do when she loses her powers?
Filinta	In 19th-century Istanbul, a young police officer investigates crimes and falls in love with the daughter of a wealthy merchant conspiring against him.
Gangs of Hassepur	Training a keen eye on hot-button political topics, this variety show features stand-up comedy, sketches and sarcastic celebrity impersonations.
Leyla and Mecnun	Destiny brings Mecnun and Leyla together as newborns, and again years later. Despite unexpected turns in Mecnun's zany life, Leyla remains a constant.
Maharakshak Devi	After years spent in isolation, a young girl with extraordinary powers returns to human society to battle dark, mythological beings.
Oddbods	Seven furry, colorful friends who live in the small town of Oddsville like to play, have adventures and get into all sorts of creative mischief.
Rosario Tijeras	This is Rosario's story, a girl born and raised in the city slums who becomes a legend in her own time in spite of her humble upbringing.
Slam	Teen father-to-be Sam imagines his future as a young parent and finds a surprising mentor while reading about his idol, pro skateboarder Tony Hawk.
The Wedding Party	As their big day arrives, a couple's lavish wedding plans turn into a nightmare of exes, fighting parents and uninvited guests.
Arctic Heart	Madly in love with a brilliant scientist studying an immunizing protein produced by penguins, a timid med student offers her body to his research.
Chelsea	It's not her first talk show, but it is a first of its kind. Ideas, people and places that fascinate her, all in her unique style.
Our Lovers	A love-challenged man and a woman he meets at a bookshop bar begin dating, but only at the shop – and without knowing anything about each other.
Sandy Wexler	When a hapless but dedicated talent manager signs his first client who actually has talent, his career finally starts to take off.
The Chosen	In 1937, Spanish revolutionary Ramón trains as a Soviet spy, impersonating a wealthy Belgian as part of a plot to assassinate Leon Trotsky in Mexico.
The Seven Five	This riveting film examines the case of Mike Dowd, a corrupt Brooklyn cop who became dirtier than the drug dealers he was supposed to be policing.
We Are Family	Fed up with being shuffled around, a boy from a big blended family decides that the kids should live in one house and the parents take turns visiting.
Macho	A famous designer who's always pretended to be gay finds himself in crisis mode when threatened with exposure as the woman-chasing straight guy he is.
Radical: the Controversial Saga of Dada Figueiredo	This film chronicles the career of surfer Dadá Figueiredo, whose stormy personal life upended his status as a trendsetting '70s sports hero.
Kevin Hart: What Now?	Frenetic comic Kevin Hart hits Philadelphia and dishes on suburban wildlife, jean shorts and the fine art of getting even with a 7-year-old.
Frat Star	A freshman uninterested in joining a fraternity is convinced to pledge by a rich roommate who introduces him to a world darker than he ever dreamed.
The Miracle	Polar opposites in personality and looks, fraternal twin sisters who live completely different lives wake up one day to find they've switched bodies.
El fin de ETA	This documentary chronicles the decade-long process that led to the end of the ETA, a Basque terrorist group that operated for more than 50 years.
Incomplete	A man returns to his childhood hometown, where he meets the happily married woman he once jilted, while his best friend endures a more volatile union.
Newtown	This intimate portrait sheds light on the trauma experienced and strength displayed by those affected by the 2012 massacre in Newtown, Connecticut.
Strike a Pose	"A quarter-century later, this documentary relocates the male dancers who backed Madonna on her 1990 Blond Ambition tour, as seen in ""Truth or Dare."""
The Get Down	In 1977 New York City, the talented and soulful youth of the South Bronx chase dreams and breakneck beats to transform music history.
The Lighthouse of the Orcas	A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hopes that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection.
Win It All	After losing $50,000 that wasn't his, gambling addict Eddie starts to rebuild his life. But an unwelcome surprise pushes him toward his old ways.
The Eyes of My Mother	At the remote farmhouse where she once witnessed a traumatic childhood event, a young woman develops a grisly fascination with violence.
Chewing Gum	The virginal Tracey, who was raised in a strictly religious Tower Hamlets flat, is ready to realize her potential. And the first step is having sex.
Louis C.K. 2017	Louis C.K. muses on religion, eternal love, giving dogs drugs, email fights, teachers and more in a live performance from Washington, D.C.
Good Kill	As Tommy Egan pilots armed drones over Afghanistan from the safe comfort of Las Vegas, the remote nature of his work begins to raise moral questions.
The D Train	A loser in charge of planning his high school class's 20-year reunion thinks he's scored a major coup when he gets a marginally famous alum to attend.
Badalte Rishton Ki Dastaan	When a man is killed, his wife and his lover – both of whom are pregnant with his children – come under the thumb of his brutal, dictatorial father.
Bala Loca	A veteran journalist starting a news site about corruption in Chile stumbles on a big story when a fellow investigative reporter dies suspiciously.
Beyond All Boundaries	As the 2011 Cricket World Cup begins, three Indians demonstrate their passion and the sacrifices they've made for the country's most popular sport.
Born to Be Free	Casting a light on the mistreatment of sea mammals, this documentary follows the plight of 18 Beluga whales kept in captivity for years.
Burned Cocoon	A secret marriage unites two families – one wealthy and traditional, the other bankrupt and modern – and is threatened by the resulting conflicts.
Celluloid Man	This documentary chronicles the philosophy and life's work of archivist P.K. Nair, who made a mission of preserving Indian cinema’s rich history.
Couples Counseling	A seasoned couples therapist comes to realize she might need help with her own marriage after meeting a new pair of young clients.
Dancing Quietly	After years of battling a deep depression, a young woman attempts to pass an important exam with the help of a fellow student.
Deuces	Assigned to go undercover to take down an impenetrable crime ring, a detective finds himself falling under the sway of its enigmatic leader.
Don't Look Down	Aided by dramatic reconstructions and archive footage, Sir Richard Branson recounts his daring attempts to break hot air balloon records.
Elaan	Journalist Naresh is hired to probe illegal activities on an island. When he's captured, a fellow prisoner gives him a ring with magic powers.
Fairy Tail	When four young wizards team up to take jobs across the kingdom, they forge a bond more powerful than any magic and grow stronger with every mission.
Five Nights in Maine	After his wife dies in a car accident, a grief-stricken man visits his estranged mother-in-law in Maine, where they try to help each other heal.
Joe Cocker: Mad Dog with Soul	From his star turn at Woodstock to his battles with addiction, this film chronicles the stormy life and unique talent of soulful singer Joe Cocker.
Khelti Hai Zindagi Aankh Micholi	The life of a 14-year-old girl is thrown into turmoil when her father dies, forcing her mother to make hard choices for their family.
Killa	Growing up poses challenges for Chinu when he moves from city to country and encounters a youth culture far different from what he's used to.
Lavender	After discovering old fractures in her skull, a photographer recovering from amnesia becomes increasingly haunted by a sinister childhood secret.
Life 2.0	Computer users across the globe log onto the virtual world of Second Life. But some users' lives are dramatically consumed by this alternate reality.
Maharakshak: Aryan	Shy nerd Aryan learns soon after his 18th birthday that he has inherited superpowers, which he must use to vanquish a variety of evil threats.
Ouran High School Host Club	New student Haruhi stumbles on the Ouran High School Host Club, an all-male group that makes money by entertaining the girls of the school.
Razia Sultan	This sweeping historical drama charts the rise of a remarkable real-life figure, the first woman to ever rule the Delhi Sultanate.
Salaakhen	Two close childhood friends take drastically different paths in life, but meet by chance years later and fall in love, unaware of their past bond.
Satrangi	Young musicians from 13 states in India demonstrate their cultural heritage by performing regional folk music using traditional instruments.
Silicon Cowboys	This documentary tells the story of Compaq Computer and its three founders, who in 1982, took on Goliath IBM at the height of its PC dominance.
Skins	Deformed, disfigured characters must find a way to deal with society shunning their differences in this darkly comic social drama.
The Bad Kids	In this documentary, teachers at a Mojave Desert high school adhere to a belief that compassion and life skills can profoundly help at-risk students.
The Human Factor: The Untold Story of the Bombay Film Orchestras	A family of Parsi musicians collectively works for over 60 years scoring the orchestral soundtracks for some of Bollywood's most memorable films.
The Tenth Man	After spending much of his adult life in New York, an affable economist returns home to Buenos Aires and tries to reconnect with his aloof father.
Toro	Ex-con Toro's brother and former partner in crime makes a desperate plea for help that may put Toro back behind bars ... if he survives at all.
Bottom of the World	En route to a fresh start in Los Angeles, young couple Alex and Scarlett stop over in a sleepy Southwestern town that loosens their grip on reality.
Bridget Christie: Stand Up for Her	Performing stand-up for a packed house in London's Hoxton Hall, comedian Bridget Christie dives into the politics of gender, sex and equality.
Extras	Grasping hungrily for stardom, bit actor Andy Millman and his pal Maggie spend their days chasing after work as film and TV extras.
FirstBorn	A young couple fights supernatural foes in an attempt to save their daughter from the dark and mysterious forces that follow her every move.
Five Came Back	Five acclaimed contemporary directors tell the story of five legendary Hollywood filmmakers who enlisted in the armed forces to document World War II.
GLOW: The Story of the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling	"This engaging documentary chronicles the 1980s phenomenon ""The Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling,"" which elevated its female grapplers to star status."
Hiroshima: The Real History	This detailed examination of the 1945 Hiroshima bombing includes the prelude to and aftermath of history's controversial first use of atomic weapons.
Hoff the Record	TV star David Hasselhoff hopes to reboot his career in the U.K., but both his comeback plans and his personal life keep going off the rails.
Know Your Enemy - Japan	Though culturally insensitive by modern standards, this propaganda film examines the history of Japan from the 16th century through the 1930s.
Let There Be Light	Some returning combat veterans suffer scars that are more psychological than physical. This film follows patients and staff during their treatment.
London Spy	When his reclusive-banker lover disappears, a hard-partying young British hedonist plunges into the dangerous world of espionage to find the truth.
Monkey Planet	Join zoologist Dr. George McGavin for a fascinating, up-close look at the habits and behaviors of primates, our closest animal relatives.
Nazi Concentration Camps	Shocking footage shows Nazi concentration camps after liberation, including Buchenwald and Ohrdruf, where Gen. Eisenhower ordered local Nazis to tour.
North & South	When her father moves his family to an industrial mill town, the parson's daughter, Margaret Hale, struggles to adapt to her harsh new surroundings.
Prelude to War	Frank Capra's documentary chronicles the rise of authoritarianism in Germany, Italy and Japan as America prepares for a defense of liberty.
San Pietro	After the Allies invade Italy, the Liri Valley town of San Pietro becomes an example of the brutal effects of combat, both for soldiers and civilians.
The Battle of Midway	Director John Ford captures combat footage of the Battle of Midway, an air and sea campaign that was a turning point in the war in the Pacific.
The Discovery	A scientist whose proof of an afterlife caused a rash of suicides forges ahead with his research, while his disapproving son falls for a troubled woman.
The Fear	Richie Beckett is an aging Brighton crime boss who's struggling with the onset of dementia, just as a rival gang is trying to take over his territory.
The Great Train Robbery	This two-part tale delivers the true story of the Great Train Robbery of 1963, the biggest one in England's history.
The House That Made Me	With host Vinay Pathak, Indian celebrities return to their childhood homes to reconnect with the past and share stories of their journey to success.
The Memphis Belle: A Story of a	
William Wyler	Movie
The Murder Detectives	This series tracks the ups and downs of an 18-month investigation into the 2014 stabbing murder of teenager Nicholas Robinson in Bristol, England.
The Negro Soldier	This documentary urged African Americans to enlist and join in the effort to be part of America's continuing fight in World War II.
Thunderbolt	A P-47 Thunderbolt squadron is shown in preparation, at play and in bombing raids aiming to halt Nazi supply lines and aid Allied ground troops.
Tunisian Victory	British and American troops join forces to liberate a Nazi stranglehold in North Africa, sharing battles, hard work and a peaceful Christmas dinner.
Undercover: How to Operate Behind Enemy Lines	This World War II-era training film dramatizes how secret agents should act while undercover and how to avoid capture by enemies.
Weird Wonders of the World	From animal oddities and bizarre science to medical marvels, scientists and experts examine some of the world's strangest mysteries and phenomena.
Why We Fight: The Battle of Russia	This installment of Frank Capra's acclaimed documentary series highlights the need for a Russo-American alliance to defeat the Nazis.
Wild Alaska	The natural bounty of Alaska sustains its diverse species through extreme weather conditions in three seasons, each with its rewards and challenges.
Wild Arabia	The widely varied geology and dramatic landscapes in the continental crossroads of Arabia harbors a rich history and an abundance of wildlife.
WWII: Report from the Aleutians	Filmmaker John Huston narrates this Oscar-nominated World War II-era film about life among the U.S. soldiers protecting Alaska’s Aleutian Islands.
Backcountry	A weekend hike for urbanites Alex and Jenn takes a dangerous turn when they become lost deep in the remote territory of a menacing bear.
Colkatay Columbus	When Christopher Columbus mysteriously appears in modern-day Kolkata, India, two struggling young men look to him for advice on achieving success.
Officer Downe	Fallen Los Angeles police officer Terrence Downe finds new life as a secret weapon: a scientifically altered super-cop with unlimited lives.
Jo Koy: Live from Seattle	Between raising a teenage boy and growing up with a Filipino mother, stand-up comic Jo Koy has been through a lot. He's here to tell you all about it.
Blood Money	Ambitious Kunal takes a job in the diamond business, but his life is thrown into turmoil when he's drawn into the seedy underworld of his new career.
Bottersnikes & Gumbles	The fun-loving Gumbles bounce and play while staying away from the foul-smelling Bottersnikes who live in a nearby junkyard.
Felipe Neto: My Life Makes No Sense	"YouTube sensation Felipe Neto brings the stories from his autobiographical book ""Não Faz Sentido!"" to the stage in this comedy special."
The C Word	To solve the mystery of cancer, challenging the status quo is a must. Witness how lifestyle and societal changes may help beat the disease.
The Most Hated Woman in America	This drama follows the controversial life of outspoken atheist Madalyn Murray O'Hair, from her landmark court battles to her infamous abduction.
Welcome to New York	A lecherous World Bank official sees his reputation crumbling when he's accused of raping a hotel maid during a trip to New York.
Another Forever	Overtaken by the death of her beloved, a grieving woman decides to take a spontaneous trip to visit her friend and get her life back on track.
Dave Chappelle	Comedy icon Dave Chappelle makes his triumphant return to the screen with a pair of blistering, fresh stand-up specials.
Fire at Sea	Heartbreak, hope and nostalgia collide in this complex portrait of Lampedusa, a Mediterranean island where thousands of migrants land each year.
Sacro GRA	Italian filmmaker Gianfranco Rosi turns his eye to his own country, roaming and filming for over two years in a minivan on Rome's giant ring road.
El Reemplazante	A former high-ranking financial executive finds redemption and romance when he's paroled after a prison sentence and becomes a math teacher.
Juana Brava	After many years away, a woman returns to her hometown, where her mayor father presides over a corrupt, lawless and rundown municipality.
One-Punch Man	The most powerful superhero in the world can kill anyone with one blow. But nothing can challenge him, so he struggles with ennui and depression.
Best Worst Thing That Ever Could Have Happened	"The cast and crew of the 1981 Broadway musical ""Merrily We Roll Along"" recall joy and heartbreak during the production of a surefire hit that wasn't."
Train to Busan	As a zombie outbreak sweeps the country, a dad and his daughter take a harrowing train journey in an attempt to reach the only city that's still safe.
Deidra & Laney Rob a Train	With their mother in jail and bills piling up, ambitious small-town teens Deidra and Laney plot a series of train robberies to keep themselves afloat.
Julie's Greenroom	Adorable puppets stage their own musical under the watchful eye of mentor Julie Andrews in this original kids' series from the Jim Henson Company.
Naledi: A Baby Elephant's Tale	Scientists and animal keepers fight to save an orphaned baby elephant at a rescue camp in Botswana while struggling to defend its entire species.
Outback Truckers	Australia's toughest big-rig drivers brave wildfires, scorching deserts, treacherous downpours and chassis-deep mud to deliver their cargo on time.
Pandora	When an earthquake hits a Korean village housing a run-down nuclear power plant, a man risks his life to save the country from imminent disaster.
Samurai Gourmet	Recent retiree Takeshi rediscovers his passion for food and life by getting in touch with his inner warrior and eating what he truly desires.
5 to 7	A young novelist's life is turned upside down when a chance encounter outside a New York hotel leads to an intense affair with a diplomat's wife.
Coraline	Curious young Coraline unlocks a door in her family's home and is transported to a universe that strangely resembles her own – only better.
Hotel Beau Séjour	Caught in an afterlife limbo, teenage Kato investigates her own mysterious death and unravels a web of secrets in her seemingly tranquil village.
Howards End	"When a husband, acting in his family's ""best interest,"" does not accept his wife's deathbed wish, providence dictates that he pay for his duplicity."
The Hollow Point	New straight-arrow sheriff Wallace finds he must join forces with brutal ex-lawman Leland to protect a troubled border town from a cartel hit man.
The Riot Club	After being drafted into an elite secret society, a pair of students at Oxford University see the group's extreme debauchery spiral out of control.
Asoka	This elaborate Bollywood epic dramatizes one man's transformation from a vengeful and cunning warrior into a legendary leader and teacher of Buddhism.
Bon Cop, Bad Cop	An English-speaking officer from Toronto and a French-speaking cop from Montreal are forced to work together to solve a crime.
Les Bleus - Une autre histoire de France, 1996-2016	This documentary charts 20 years of the French national soccer team, Les Bleus, whose ups and downs have mirrored those of French society.
Namour	Aimless valet driver Steven Bassem can't find the motivation to get a better job, even when his fractious immigrant family starts falling apart.
Notes on Blindness	Based on the audio diaries of academic and theologian John Hull, this film offers an impressionistic re-creation of his slow descent into blindness.
One 2 Ka 4	When his partner is killed, a young cop is forced to care for the man's four children, and solicits the help of a woman who moves in with them.
Ottaal	Young orphan Kuttappayi goes to live with his grandfather in the country, but his new life takes a hard turn when his grandfather's health fails.
Sunrise	While investigating a child kidnapping, a Mumbai police inspector is haunted by a shadowy dream figure and memories of his own abducted daughter.
Angry Indian Goddesses	A photographer invites a close-knit group of female pals to her Goa home to announce her engagement, which stirs up a riot of emotion in all of them.
Cheer Squad	Follow the Great White Sharks, a world-champion cheerleading squad, as they juggle the pressures of training, school, work and relationships.
Jim Norton: Mouthful of Shame	In this unrestricted jaunt through a gleefully filthy mind, comic Jim Norton offers a personal perspective on romance, desire and sexual proclivities.
Ken Burns: The West	Historian Ken Burns and his team bring to life the challenges Americans faced in the 19th century as they embarked on westward expansion.
100 Meters	A man who is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis responds by training for an Ironman triathlon, with his cranky father-in-law's help.
Bana Masal Anlatma	Minibus driver Riza is a steady presence in his close-knit neighborhood, until he brings home a dreamy beauty and throws everything into chaos.
Berlin Kaplani	After a losing streak puts him in debt of 50,000 euros to his sponsors, an unlikely Turkish-German boxer in Berlin finds himself in need of a miracle.
Buddy Thunderstruck	Follow the outrageous, high-octane adventures of Buddy Thunderstruck, a truck-racing dog who brings guts and good times to the town of Greasepit.
Burning Sands	Promising student Zurich opens his eyes to some hard truths when his fraternity's violent hazing escalates into a disastrous hell night.
Dedemin Fisi	When a brain-dead family patriarch is about to be taken off life support, his extended family gathers round and plots to see who'll get his money.
Deliha	Short on sense but long on self-confidence, dotty Deliha sets her sights on a hunky photographer who opens up shop in her neighborhood.
Düğün Dernek	On the first day of Ramadan, Ismail joins friends on a road trip to a mosque and encounters his son, who, to Ismail's chagrin, plans a hasty wedding.
Dügün Dernek 2: Sünnet	Ismail and his old screwball crew land themselves in hot water when his grandson's circumcision evolves into a buzz-making citywide event.
Eyyvah Eyyvah	A clarinet player who lives with his grandparents in a small village is forced to move to Istanbul, where he meets a singer enjoying sudden fame.
Eyyvah Eyyvah 2	Hüseyin has found his father, and now has one more mission – to get together with the girl of his dreams, with a little help from his new friend.
Eyyvah Eyyvah 3	Life is tough for Hüseyin after marrying his true love. He works day and night to support his growing family, while singer Firuzan copes with fame.
G.O.R.A	Carpet dealer and UFO photo forger Arif is abducted by aliens. On the planet Gora, he helps friends escape from a meteorite strike and find freedom.
Hayat Öpücügü	High-strung Metin finally stops seeing doom and gloom around every corner when he meets vivacious Hayat, but she has her own soul-searching to do.
Hokkabaz	Trying to resurrect his career, not-so-talented magician Iskender goes on tour, but things get iffy when one of his illusions works a little too well.
Hükümet Kadin	When an uneducated mother of eight suddenly becomes mayor, she uses the skills she's learned as a housewife to keep her town running like clockwork.
Hükümet Kadin 2	In 1949, with freedoms threatened, housewife Hükümet is unaware of her future life in politics as she faces off with liar and mayoral hopeful Faruk.
Incir Receli 2	Grief-stricken over the death of his true love, singer-songwriter Metin has given up on life, until he meets Gizem, who slowly reawakens his heart.
Kara Bela	The uneventful life of middle-aged Kudret turns upside down when a road trip turns into a wild race for survival with killers in hot pursuit.
Kocan Kadar Konus	A 30-year-old who's never taken the traditional path to love is tutored by her friends and family before reconnecting with her high school crush.
Kocan Kadar Konus 2: Dirilis	Efsun has found Mr. Right in Sinan, and their relationship is taking a serious turn. But their eccentric families quickly complicate the romance.
Kurtulus Son Durak	When a recently single psychologist moves to a new neighborhood, she finds friendship with women starting to rebel against years of domestic abuse.
Mucize	Sent away from his family to a remote mountain town, teacher Mahir helps the villagers build a school – and inspires a path to hope for them all.
Niyazi Gül Dörtnala	Seeking the formula behind a magical elixir bequeathed to him by his father, a veterinary professor gets embroiled in a mobster's horse-racing scheme.
One More Time	This fantasy drama follows an indie band singer who repeatedly undergoes unwanted time slips and the girlfriend he must save from an unlucky fate.
Patron Mutlu Son Istiyor	Sent to a remote village to write a screenplay, Sinan finds inspiration to spare in colorful locals, farcical misadventures and the craziness of love.
Refugee	Five acclaimed photographers travel the world to provide detailed insight into the difficult conditions faced by refugees who dream of a better life.
Romantik Komedi	Bored with her life and inspired by a friend's wedding, Esra quits her job and dumps her boyfriend, leading to a series of romantic misadventures.
Romantik Komedi 2: Bekarlığa Veda	Didem tries everything to get actor Cem to propose to her, but he's got other things on his mind: a beautiful new co-star and a secret bachelor party.
Sadece Sen	An ex-boxer falls in love with a blind woman and starts to build a new life, but his violent past returns to endanger them both.
Sen Kimsin?	Desperate for cash, klutzy private investigator Tekin searches for a wealthy woman's missing girl but faces one surprise and mishap after another.
The Boss's Daughter	While working together, a married textile foreman and his boss’s daughter have a torrid love affair, stirring up hostility among the factory crew.
The Butterfly's Dream	Forced to work in a coal mine during World War II, two young poets find some escape when they both fall for the same woman.
Vizontele	In 1974, a rural town in Anatolia gets its first television set – an event that's met with both excitement and trepidation by the villagers.
Vizontele Tuuba	With civil war looming, a TV-obsessed Turkish town is bemused when a bureaucrat and his daughter arrive to modernize their library.
Match	As a couple interviews a renowned dance professor for their dissertation, their probing questions soon betray a hidden agenda.
Peter and the Farm	His hilltop farm in Vermont may be bucolic, but making ends meet is a backbreaking challenge for grizzled, hard-drinking organic farmer Peter Dunning.
The Sunshine Makers	Take a trip and witness the rise and fall of Tim Scully and Nicholas Sand, improbable pioneers of the drug counterculture during the 1960s.
The Young Offenders	Never ones to think things through, two Irish teens steal bicycles and set off to the coast to find a bale of cocaine from a smuggler’s capsized ship.
Thithi	In a South Indian village, a centenarian's funeral brings together his free-spirited son, inheritance-hungry grandson and girl-crazy great-grandson.
The Waterboy	A water boy for a college football team has a rage that makes him a tackling machine whose bone-crushing power might vault his team into the playoffs.
Amy Schumer: The Leather Special	Comic sensation Amy Schumer riffs on sex, dating and the absurdities of fame in a bold and uncensored stand-up set at Denver's Bellco Theater.
Rectify	Convicted of rape and murder at age 18, Daniel Holden spends nearly 20 years on death row until DNA evidence brings the verdict into question.
I Am Me!	Aspiring hip-hop star Francisco builds a name for himself as a musical artist while his conscience helps him through family drama and discrimination.
Danny Says	This documentary profiles eccentric publicist Danny Fields, who helped launch the careers of innovative new artists who would become musical icons.
The Salvation	In the Old West, a Danish homesteader avenges the murder of his wife and son, only to unleash a gang leader's brutal fury.
9 Months That Made You	Witness the wonders of human gestation through cutting-edge CGI, and learn how those nine months inside the womb can affect all aspects of one's life.
Beak & Brain: Genius Birds From Down Under	"Whoever came up with the term ""bird brain"" never met these feathered thinkers, who use their claws and beaks to solve puzzles, make tools and more."
Beary Tales	A well-known wildlife photographer living alone in the Bohemian Forest finds himself playing mama bear to a pair of abandoned cubs.
Chandani: The Daughter of the Elephant Whisperer	A girl who wants to be an elephant driver like her father is given the chance to raise a calf and becomes even more determined when it's taken away.
Earth's Natural Wonders	Earth's most sublime landscapes can also be the most forbidding. Discover how inhabitants survive and flourish in our planet's harshest environments.
Forces of Nature	This dynamic series spans the globe to explain the complex natural forces that govern the planet, from shape and color to motion and the elements.
India: Nature's Wonderland	Wildlife biologist Liz Bonnin explores the natural wonders of India in this series that reveals the species and cultures unique to this ancient land.
Islands of the Future	Amid rising oil and gas prices and dwindling resources, tiny islands off the coast of Europe are rethinking the future of energy.
Koko: The Gorilla Who Talks	Witness the incredible, decades-long friendship between Koko the gorilla and Penny Patterson, who taught Koko to communicate via sign language.
Love Is in the Air	Toprak, who lost her baby, is hired as a wet nurse for wealthy Yusuf's motherless son. Yusuf is drawn to Toprak, but also to her scheming sister.
My Honor Was Loyalty	Amid the chaos and horror of World War II, a committed German soldier fights a private battle with his own conscience.
NATURE: Natural Born Hustlers	"Sometimes being shady is the only way to survive, a fact these sneaky animal ""hustlers"" – including orcas, owls and otters – use to their advantage."
Nature: Raising the Dinosaur Giant	Sir David Attenborough examines a recently discovered collection of dinosaur fossils. CGI and 3-D scans reveal what the beast may have looked like.
Nazi Mega Weapons	This documentary series examines Nazi Germany's military hardware, defenses and technology, including fortifications, U-boats and ballistic missiles.
Nila	When a cabbie chances upon his childhood sweetheart, he tries to rekindle old feelings but finds that mature love is a more complicated matter.
Revelations	After four years together, a husband and wife become entangled in secret, sexually charged relationships that threaten to unravel their marriage.
Servant of the People	After a Ukrainian high school teacher's tirade against government corruption goes viral on social media, he finds himself the country's new president.
SuperNature: Wild Flyers	This series examines the aerodynamics of flight and the evolutionary processes that have enabled certain species to survive by taking to the skies.
Sustainable	Chef Rick Bayless, farmers and others discuss the history leading to the sustainable food movement and how it could change what we eat in the future.
Tiger	Aging boxer Ramón regains his vitality when he meets fierce young boxer Deborah, their unbridled passion causing him to forsake everyone around him.
Tong: Memories	A tough young man with a short temper and no patience for bullies gains a legendary reputation as the best street fighter in Busan.
Ugly	When a 10-year-old goes missing while her father, an actor, is out on an audition, the girl's stepfather – Mumbai's police chief – leads the search.
Vikings Unearthed	Archaeologist Sarah Parcak follows clues to early Viking explorations and discusses just what these notoriously fierce warriors were really like.
Be Here Now	"Trace the brave journey of actor Andy Whitfield, who received a devastating cancer diagnosis while starring in the series ""Spartacus: Blood and Sand."""
Mike Birbiglia: Thank God for Jokes	Comedian Mike Birbiglia takes the stage in Brooklyn and hits on hard truths about puppets, late people and the very real dangers of being funny.
People You May Know	The lives of several friends are thrown into chaos when a woman becomes pregnant by her husband's gay best friend after a drunken one-night stand.
Force 2	An ex-cop investigates the death of his best friend and two other spies, killings that lead to a mole operating from India's embassy in Budapest.
Jonas	During Carnival, two teens from different classes meet years after being kept apart. Bad decisions lead the boy to hide with the girl inside a float.
Dueños del paraíso	When Anastasia Cardona's drug lord husband is murdered, she inherits his cocaine empire, leading to a life of wealth, power, violence and betrayal.
Operações Especiais	In a crime-plagued area of Rio de Janeiro, a team of honest cops, including a determined rookie, fights corruption and mistrust on all sides.
I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore	A timid nursing assistant gets a new lease on life when she and a neighborhood loner track down the degenerates who broke into her house.
Legend Quest	When an evil force threatens his village, a gifted teen who can talk to ghosts puts his skills to good use, one legend at a time.
The Sound of Your Heart	Based on Korea's longest-running webtoon series, this comedy follows the ridiculous daily lives of a cartoonist, his girlfriend and his subpar family.
Kill Command	On a remote island, elite soldiers discover their training exercise is actually an experimental death trap teeming with efficiently lethal robots.
The Lovers and the Despot	This firsthand account tells of two kidnapped South Korean movie professionals who became the unwilling personal filmmakers of dictator Kim Jong-il.
Ken Burns: The Civil War	Ken Burns's documentary depicts the action of famous Civil War battles, and relates the stories of soldiers, generals and a beleaguered president.
Ken Burns: The Roosevelts: An Intimate History	Award-winning documentarian Burns profiles three members of one of America's premier political families: Theodore, Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt.
Love Me As I Am	After wealthy college boy Ömer and lower class college girl Aysem fall in love and quickly marry, they learn that love and life aren't always perfect.
Magnus	This dramatic documentary explores the life and mind of Magnus Carlsen, the charismatic Norwegian prodigy who became world chess champion.
Prohibition: A Film by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick	Ken Burns's documentary traces the passage of the 18th Amendment, the social and legal effects of prohibiting alcohol, and the repeal of Prohibition.
Secrets of Chatsworth	Tales of tragedy and scandal unfold through the history of Chatsworth, a grand estate that has been home to some of England's most noted aristocrats.
Secrets of Henry VIII's Palace: Hampton Court	The history of this grand 500-year-old palace is inextricably tied to the lavish lifestyle of King Henry VIII and the doomed fates of his six wives.
Secrets of Her Majesty's Secret Service	This documentary spotlights more than 100 years of operatives and operations in the U.K.'s secret service, the world's oldest intelligence agency.
Secrets of Highclere Castle	"Known as the setting of ""Downton Abbey,"" Highclere Castle truly was the home of aristocrats and an army of servants, with a rich past to share."
Secrets of the Tower of London	Explore the storied history of the iconic Tower of London as it evolved from a royal castle into a dungeon prison and, finally, an armory and mint.
The War: A Film by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick	"A seven-part series brings World War II to life through the harrowing personal accounts of soldiers and others from ""typical"" American towns."
Trevor Noah: Afraid of the Dark	"The ""Daily Show"" host ponders the perils of naming countries, how traffic lights turn New Yorkers invincible and why you shouldn't drink in Scotland."
Mirzya	A modern love story is connected to an ancient folk tale as star-crossed lovers from different social classes are kept apart by their families.
Boy Missing	When her son is kidnapped and later found traumatized, a lawyer takes justice into her own hands, causing events that spiral out of control.
Growing Up Wild	Five baby animals from different parts of the world grow up learning to survive in the wild, nurtured by the love and guidance of their families.
Tini: The New Life of Violetta	After completing a world tour, a teen pop star spends the summer at an Italian villa to recover from heartbreak and grow into a mature artist.
GANTZ:O	Teams of recently deceased people who've been revived and given high-tech weapons must cooperate to defeat an army of monsters in Tokyo and Osaka.
INDIA	"A man buys a young girl, code-names her ""Doll"" and sends her to live with a mother of two who has a mysterious mission to be fulfilled."
Kill Ratio	Posing as a telecom salesman at a business conference, a CIA agent fights to protect a fledgling Eastern European democracy from a military coup.
Love for Ten: Generation of Youth	A nerdy engineering student falls for a pretty, outgoing girl at his college. To get closer to her, he joins the theater group she belongs to.
Madaari	A bridge under construction collapses in Mumbai, killing a man's family and launching him on a crusade to bring those responsible to justice.
Rocky Handsome	A reclusive pawn shop owner sets his sights on revenge when vicious gangsters kidnap his drug-addicted neighbor's young daughter.
TE3N	Still desperate to find his granddaughter nearly a decade after her kidnapping, a devoted grandfather chases a dangerous new lead.
Milk	Sean Penn stars in this biopic about Harvey Milk, the openly gay San Francisco politician who was murdered by a disgruntled city supervisor in 1978.
Operator	When a programmer uses his wife's sympathetic voice for his company's customer service app, he starts to rely more on her idealized self than her.
A Heavy Heart	Long past his heyday, a still-virile boxer tries to reconnect with his daughter as he confronts the onset of a terminal, degenerative neural disorder.
Aram, Aram	Newly orphaned Aram leaves Beirut to live with his grandfather in Los Angeles, and overwhelmed by culture shock, he falls prey to an Armenian gang.
La Coppia dei Campioni	After winning a shared trip to a soccer match, two colleagues who hold opposite world views find they're stuck traveling together for the duration.
Nightmare High	After a new teacher arrives, students' dreams begin to come true. Class president Ye-rim must solve the nightmarish mystery before it's too late.
Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage	Celebrate the remarkable 40-year career of influential Canadian rockers Rush with this documentary, which details the band's formation and evolution.
Spark	A young woman's life gets a jump-start after she and a musical genius are both struck by the same falling star. But will the side effects derail love?
The Fury of a Patient Man	After his lover is killed in a jewelry store robbery, quiet José romances café owner Ana, who's unaware he has other motivations.
The Memory of Water	When the accidental death of a couple's young son sends them grieving in opposite directions, they're forced to re-examine their life and marriage.
Girlfriend's Day	When he's caught up in a deadly conspiracy, an unemployed greeting card writer must create the perfect card for a new holiday to save his skin.
Katherine Ryan: In Trouble	Stand-up comic Katherine Ryan reminisces about unusual relationships, life in the hometown she hates and the time she enraged an entire nation.
Me and the Alien	Hoping to pump up their sound, a punk band hires Pepe, a keyboardist with Down Syndrome, but tensions erupt when he steals the show with his talent.
White Nights	A coldhearted heiress, a man from her past and an ambitious new hire in her company all become entangled on a battleground for money and power.
Clouds of Sils Maria	A middle-aged actress is cast in a film adaptation of the play that made her famous 20 years earlier, but in a much less glamorous role.
Stronger Than the World	After a tough upbringing, natural-born fighter José Aldo confronts his personal demons in his quest to become an MMA champion in this sports biopic.
Cyborg 009: Call of Justice	Years after taking up normal lives incognito, the cyborgs are forced to fight again when the superhuman Blessed appear with a plan for humanity.
David Brent: Life on the Road	"With ""The Office"" long in the past, middling salesman David Brent ditches work and goes on tour with his rock band in a disastrous stab at stardom."
Grillo vs Grillo	Outspoken comedian Beppe Grillo reminisces about his long career, including the triumphs and controversies that fueled his rise in Italian politics.
Hitler - A Career	This documentary examines how Adolf Hitler's talent for manipulation, psychology and image-making led him from humble origins to near-world conquest.
Metallica: Some Kind of Monster	This collection includes the acclaimed rock documentary about Metallica, plus a film checking in with the still-thriving group 10 years later.
Blinky Bill: The Movie	Happy koala Blinky Bill and some spunky pals travel the Outback following clues to help him find his long-lost father and finally bring him home.
H2O: Just Add Water	The gals in this fantasy series cope with the burden of growing a giant fin and transforming into mermaids whenever they come in contact with water.
Happy Times	Desperate to break up with his clingy girlfriend, a nerdy cartoonist hires a mysterious agency to do the deed. But the agency has unusual methods.
Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart	Equipped with a mechanical heart and determined to stay out of death's shadow, young Jack understands that love could prove fatal.
Michael Bolton's Big, Sexy Valentine's Day Special	After Santa tells him he needs 75,000 new babies by Christmas to meet toy supply, Michael Bolton hosts a telethon to inspire the world to make love.
Naga The Eternal Yogi	This documentary examines the naked yoga gurus of India whose devout spiritual practice connects them to the eternal, transcending the material world.
Star Men	Four astronomers from England celebrate 50 years of friendship and achievement by taking a reflective road trip through the American Southwest.
The Lovers	A magical ring holds the key to life, death and love for a marine archaeologist who seems to live two lives in different centuries and countries.
The Charnel House	After an architect transforms a slaughterhouse into trendy lofts, its new inhabitants discover that the structure is haunted by its evil past.
Daniel Sosa: Sosafado	Comedian Daniel Sosa inhabits various characters, including a Tupperware dealer, a thirsty priest and a Trojan horse soldier in this stand-up special.
Imperial Dreams	A young father returns home from jail eager to care for his son and become a writer, but crime, poverty and a flawed system threaten his plans.
Trash Fire	Surprise news that his girlfriend is pregnant sends loutish Owen on an ill-advised trip to reconnect with his twisted sister and sadistic grandmother.
Camelia la Texana	"Inspired by the famous song ""Contrabando y Traición,"" Camelia, a beautiful girl from San Antonio, kills her lover and becomes a legendary drug runner."
Chauthi Koot	Related tales of a family seeking refuge and two men on a train to Amritsar evoke the dreadful unease surrounding Hindu-Sikh tensions in 1980s Punjab.
Dilwale	A young couple falls in love, but conflicting loyalties drive them apart. Years later, fate intervenes and hands them a second chance.
Gun Runners	Two roaming Kenyan bandits attempt to change the course of their lives by exchanging their rifles for running shoes.
Happy New Year	A revenge-seeking diamond thief gathers a ragtag crew to infiltrate a Dubai hotel hosting a dance contest. But first they have to learn how to dance.
Haraamkhor	A selfish, manipulative schoolteacher takes advantage of a schoolgirl's vulnerability to gratify his dark, narcissistic desires.
Heroes Wanted	When its special ops agency is wiped out, Spain hastily assembles a new team to defuse a terrorist plot. But who are these scrappy would-be heroes?
Highly Strung	Fiery passions take center stage in this intimate look at the Australian String Quartet and, perhaps more vital, the priceless instruments they guard.
I Am Sun Mu	A North Korean propagandist who escaped to Seoul now creates satirical art about Kim Jong Il's regime and copes with repercussions of his defection.
Indiscretion	After a weekend fling with artist Victor, Veronica, a psychiatrist and politician's wife, becomes the target of Victor's dangerous romantic obsession.
La Última Fiesta	Three best buddies are thrown into a wild chase for a priceless painting that was stolen from a house they used to throw a huge party.
Maroon	When his wife goes missing, university professor Saurabh remains at home while the police investigate, but his grip on reality loosens as days pass.
Mexico Diseña	Young fashion designers vie for the chance to become Mexico's next big talent by competing before judges in grueling tests of creativity and stamina.
Paris Is Burning	This Sundance prize-winning documentary is an intimate portrait of 1980s Harlem drag balls: a world of fierce competition, sustenance, and survival.
Pioneers of African-American Cinema	This newly preserved collection features more than 20 films made by groundbreaking African American directors for black audiences from 1915 to 1946.
The Furchester Hotel	"Elmo hops across the pond to help his extended monster family solve problems at their ""almost"" world-class establishment, the Furchester Hotel."
The Hurt Business	Featuring legendary and up-and-coming MMA fighters, this documentary details the history of the brutal sport and the fighters' struggles and triumphs.
The Reconquest	Years after they were childhood sweethearts, Manuela and Olmo share a night in Madrid, where they discuss their past and the possibility of a future.
Zapped	A girl discovers a dog-training app that can get boys to obey her every command. But she soon learns that it isn't the cure-all she had hoped for.
Bill Burr: Walk Your Way Out	No-nonsense comic Bill Burr takes the stage in Nashville and riffs on fast food, overpopulation, dictators and gorilla sign language.
Semana Santa	A single mother, her boyfriend and her 8-year-old son take a weeklong resort vacation, during which secrets and relationship strains take their toll.
Journey to Greenland	When they flee Paris for a remote village in Greenland, two part-time actors become immersed in the archaic Inuit culture and forge unexpected bonds.
IBOY	When shards of a cell phone get lodged in a teenager's brain, he discovers he can control electronic devices and uses his newfound power for revenge.
Juana Inés	Juana Inés de la Cruz, a powerful feminist nun involved in a forbidden love affair with a woman, faces oppression in 17th-century Mexico.
Shadow of Truth	This documentary series explores the explosive 2006 murder case of a 13-year-old Israeli girl and the subsequent conviction of a Ukrainian immigrant.
13TH: A Conversation with Oprah Winfrey & Ava DuVernay	Oprah Winfrey sits down with director Ava DuVernay to discuss her Oscar-nominated film, historical cycles of oppression and the broken prison system.
O Silêncio do Céu	After being raped in her home, a married woman chooses not to tell her husband, unaware that he has his own troubled secret and a plan for revenge.
Cristela Alonzo: Lower Classy	The irrepressible Alonzo skewers Latino stereotypes, pricey luxuries and her mother's tough-love parenting in a night of sly and infectious comedy.
Gad Gone Wild	French comic Gad Elmaleh regales a Montreal crowd with tales of awkward mix-ups and baffling customs he's encountered since moving to the U.S.
Caida del Cielo	When Julia literally falls into Alejandro's backyard from her apartment above, it's just the jolt that's needed to nudge these two loners together.
Pink	A sexual assault victim, unjustly tried for the attempted murder of her attacker, is defended by a retired lawyer who challenges India's rape culture.
Take the 10	Two buddies working dead-end cashier jobs endure a mind-blowing series of events on their quest to get to the hip-hop show of their lives.
Good Kids	Four overachieving friends spend the summer after finishing high school doing everything possible to enjoy the party life and ruin their reputations.
Enlighten Us	This documentary digs deep to recount the saga of the superstar self-help guru convicted of negligent homicide in the deaths of three followers.
Neal Brennan: 3 Mics	"Wicked one-liners and soul-baring confessions converge in this uniquely intimate stand-up special from ""Chappelle's Show"" co-creator Neal Brennan."
Roger Corman's Death Race 2050	In this dystopian sequel, kills equal points in a violently gory annual cross-country road race sponsored by the United Corporations of America.
Yunus Emre	During the Mongol invasions, Yunus Emre leaves his home to travel across the Ottoman Empire, defying hardships and temptations to become a dervish.
Flash of Genius	A college professor goes up against the giants of the auto industry when they fail to give him credit for inventing intermittent windshield wipers.
The Rezort	After a global zombie war, the living dead are confined to a luxury island resort and hunted by tourists on safari – until the security system fails.
Berlin Calling	DJ Ickarus is at the top of his game, dazzling fans and touring the world – until he gets locked in the loony bin after taking a few too many drugs.
Harry and Snowman	With only a strong will and a cheap horse, a former agent of the Dutch underground in World War II sets out to become a champion show jumper.
Hostage to the Devil	Follow the eerie story of Father Malachi Martin, a disenchanted priest whose belief in demonic possession would lead him to conduct several exorcisms.
Max Rose	An aging jazz musician learns after his wife's death that she may have been unfaithful to him decades before.
Sarajevo	Tasked with unraveling the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, an honorable magistrate finds himself targeted by the shadowy perpetrators.
Stereo	"Erik's peaceful rural family life is shaken by the arrival of sinister figures who claim to know him and a mysterious ""friend"" who may not even exist."
Teenage Cocktail	Two teen girls form an intense bond and launch a lucrative webcam business, leading them to a dangerous encounter with a middle-aged married man.
The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That!	The Cat in the Hat is back – and this time, he's teaching Sally and her brother, Nick, some awfully nifty things to think about!
The Similars	Stranded in a transit station one stormy night in 1968, eight strangers begin to fall victim to seizures, only to wake up disturbingly altered.
Twisted Trunk, Big Fat Body	After terrorists place a bomb inside a toy Lord Ganesha, a child takes off with the dangerous doll, setting it on a course throughout all of Mumbai.
We Are Young. We Are Strong.	In 1992, three radically different residents of Rostock, Germany, become entangled in a violent xenophobic riot that rocks the beleaguered city.
Camp X-Ray	Fresh Army recruit Amy Cole is assigned to Guantanamo Bay's Camp X-Ray, where she forms a surprising bond with one of the prisoners in her charge.
Estar o no estar	An ill and addled man recalls what seems to be a brief but powerful past romance with a kindred spirit, a young Russian woman who lived a lonely life.
Little Sister	A former Goth studying to become a nun finds her faith tested when she returns home to visit her brother, who has been disfigured in the Iraq War.
The River Thief	A heedless teen drifter who falls for a small-town waitress makes the mistake of robbing a drug lord, putting his life and newfound love in jeopardy.
Aquarius	The final holdout in her historic beachside building in Brazil, a retired music critic refuses to sell her apartment to developers bent on demolition.
Casablancas: The Man Who Loved Women	The rise and smash success of Elite modeling agency founder John Casablancas is chronicled in this biography of the man who invented the supermodel.
Clinical	A psychiatrist is plagued by flashbacks to a terrifying attack as she treats a new patient who was horribly disfigured in an accident.
Historia de un clan	This drama based on a true story follows the Puccios, a criminal family who kidnaps wealthy people and holds them hostage in their home.
Maron	Marc Maron stars as Marc Maron, who interviews fellow comedians for his popular podcast, only to reveal more about his own neuroses and relationships.
Little Men	Jake and Tony become friends when Jake's dad inherits a home above Tony's mother's shop. Friendship is tested when Jake's dad raises the shop's rent.
Very Big Shot	When three brothers struggling to go straight become targets of a criminal underworld, they use the making of a movie as a front to transport drugs.
Jim Gaffigan: Cinco	America's king of clean comedy delivers wickedly funny jokes in his fifth hour-long special.
We're Lalaloopsy	The Lalaloopsy gang and their adorable pets know every day is a perfect day to celebrate the magic of friendship, creativity and collaboration.
Miss Sharon Jones!	This uplifting documentary follows R&B singer Sharon Jones's battle with pancreatic cancer while keeping her band intact for a return to the stage.
Under the Shadow	During the Iran-Iraq conflict, a Tehran woman caring for her daughter while her husband is at war is gradually convinced evil spirits are at work.
Coin Heist	When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint.
Growing Up Coy	Filmmakers follow a Colorado family's highly public battle for the rights of their transgender daughter, Coy, in a landmark civil rights case.
LEGO: Marvel Super Heroes: Maximum Overload	Villainous Loki is amassing an army to conquer Earth! His antics are keeping Spider-Man and S.H.I.E.L.D. busy as they tackle a host of bad guys.
Rustom	A decorated naval officer kills his wife's lover, leading to a sensational trial and a national obsession over passion versus premeditated murder.
Back and Forth	When their car breaks down en route to São Paulo, a father and son accept a ride from four beautiful telemarketers who are headed there on holiday.
Kraftidioten	When he sets out to avenge his son's murder, mild-mannered snowplow driver Nils sparks a war between a Norwegian mobster and his Serbian rival.
Rampage: President Down	Lone-wolf vigilante Bill Williamson is back, taking aim at the U.S. government and eluding the pursuit of two FBI agents who are on his trail.
Marvel's Hulk: Where Monsters Dwell	On Halloween, the Hulk and Dr. Strange battle monsters wreaking havoc on New York and uncover an evil plot by Nightmare, ruler of the Dream Dimension.
Jen Kirkman: Just Keep Livin’?	Incisive comic Jen Kirkman gets real about women's bodies, the value of alone time and an Italian private tour guide who may have been a ghost.
A Good Wife	As her seemingly idyllic life begins to crumble, a lonely woman in a restrictive marriage starts an affair with a gentle bookstore owner.
An American in Madras	Extensive film clips and interviews tell the story of American filmmaker Ellis R. Dungan, who spent 15 years in India and helped define Tamil cinema.
An Innocent Mistake	Raised by three mothers, a self-assured teen in turmoil meets the father figure she never had. But she also stands to drive the man and his son apart.
Autohead	A production crew that thinks it's making a documentary about a humble Mumbai rickshaw driver unmasks a horrifying truth about their film's subject.
Bee Movie	Barry, a worker bee stuck in a dead-end job making honey, sues humans when he learns they've been stealing bees' nectar all along.
Ex-Boyfriend	Still haunted by the traumatic event that ended her high school romance, a young professional gets a new subordinate: her former sweetheart.
Happy 300 Days	An unexpected pregnancy sends a woman back to her hometown to share a house with three nice guys. Each has problems, but each would make a great dad.
Headwinds	After his wife inexplicably disappears, a man takes their two children and relocates to his hometown in an attempt to end their grief and move on.
Hurricane Bianca	Fired for being gay, schoolteacher Richard returns in drag as force-of-nature Bianca, gets hired for the same job and plots sweet, scornful revenge.
In Between	An author having trouble finishing his new romance novel because he's lost faith in love regains his romantic soul after meeting a flight attendant.
Mia and Me	A mysterious gift from her late parents sends 12-year-old Mia into an enchanted world of elves, unicorns and an evil queen named Panthea.
Radiopetti	An elderly, hearing-impaired Indian man stays connected to the world of the past through the beloved valve radio he has owned since childhood.
Saheb Bibi Golaam	A charming cabbie, a cop turned assassin and a housewife who’s also a hooker share one thing in common: a bizarre and violent afternoon in Kolkata.
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine	"In this ""Star Trek"" spin-off, Commander Sisko leads the multi-species crew of Deep Space Nine, a Federation space station with a complex mission."
The Land of the Enlightened	In the rugged mountains of Afghanistan, armed bands of young boys survive by scavenging for old land mines, mining lapis lazuli and trading in opium.
The Rat Race	Examine the troublesome coexistence of humans and rodents in Mumbai, where the byproducts of a big economy have led to a thriving rat population.
To Be a Miss	Explore how the media and nationalism have fueled Venezuela's passion for physical appearance and the multibillion-dollar beauty pageant industry.
Udta Punjab	Drug abuse and the darker side of Punjab rear their heads in the intense, interwoven tales of a cop, a doctor, a migrant worker and a rock star.
What Is Love?	A 32-year-old romantic looking for a long-term, monogamous relationship meets a handsome bad boy who only believes in one-night stands.
Who's the One	A doctor performs plastic surgery on a fat man who's been jilted, and continues his transformation by turning him into a handsome, desirable man.
Dog Eat Dog	A delusional ex-con rejoins his unhinged former partners for one last job: kidnap the baby of a mobster's enemy for ransom.
Mr. Pig	An aging California pig farmer whose property is on the brink of foreclosure makes a last-ditch trip across the border to sell his prized hog.
My Runway	An egotistic top male model and a pretty model wannabe are forced to live each other's lives until they figure out a way to undo their body switch.
Comedy Bang! Bang!	Scott Aukerman brings his popular podcast Comedy Bang! Bang! to television, along with his co-host and bandleader, Reggie Watts.
The NSU-Complex	For 13 years, the underground neo-Nazi organization NSU eluded German police while planting bombs, robbing banks and killing immigrants at random.
AJIN: Demi-Human	A teenager discovers that he is an Ajin and flees before the authorities experiment on him. Other Ajin plan to fight back and he must choose a side.
Chasing Cameron	Go behind the scenes with social media sensation Cameron Dallas as he takes his career to the next level on an international tour.
Ezel	A young man framed for a crime escapes a prison sentence by faking his own death and assuming a new identity as he seeks revenge.
Kaçak	A cop who killed a mobster's son and fled to a small town with a changed identity finds his quiet new life disrupted when he becomes a local hero.
Kurt Seyit & Sura	A Turkish lieutenant and the daughter of Russian nobles fight for their love against forces of family and social expectation and historical events.
Mahmut & Meryem	In the 16th century, the heir to a Muslim empire embarks on a dangerous journey to find his true love, who was taken away by her Christian father.
When Hari Got Married	A small-town taxi driver is arranged to be married, resulting in an intimate look at the clash between modernity and tradition in India.
Garfunkel and Oates: Trying to be Special	Garfunkel and Oates put on a surprise-filled show in Seattle in hopes of raising enough money to make their own comedy special.
Lo and Behold: Reveries of the Connected World	Filmmaker Werner Herzog presents a history of the internet, starting with its birth in 1969, and ponders the joys and sorrows of its social influence.
Sense8	"From the creators of ""The Matrix"" and ""Babylon 5"" comes this tense series in which eight people can telepathically experience each other's lives."
Figures of Speech	In this documentary, passionate high schoolers travel the country and come of age during a turbulent yearlong prep for a national speech competition.
A Christmas Special: Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir	Parisian teen Marinette transforms herself into superhero Ladybug to find her lonely secret crush Adrien when he runs away from home at Christmas.
Daemonium	In a realm where magic and technology intersect, a shifty, cigar-smoking wizard finds himself in the middle of a war with the powers of hell.
Gabriel lglesias: I’m Sorry For What I Said When I Was Hungry	"Hawaiian-shirt enthusiast Gabriel ""Fluffy"" Iglesias finds the laughs in racist gift baskets, Prius-driving cops and all-female taco trucks."
George of the Jungle 2	Now married and raising a son, clumsy ape-man George finds his jungle kingdom in peril as Really Mean Lion challenges him for the throne.
Miss Stevens	Emotionally vulnerable teacher Rachel accompanies three students to a weekend drama competition and forms an unexpected bond with troubled teen Billy.
Total Frat Movie	A disbanded fraternity tries to get their act together by finding new members, but beer bongs, bad grades and a demented dean stand in their way.
Barry	A young Barack Obama forges his identity while dealing with race, divergent cultures and ordinary life as a New York City college student.
Call Me Francis	On his path to becoming Pope Francis, Father Jorge Bergoglio pursues his religious vocation in a country ravaged by a brutal military dictatorship.
Crazyhead	Bowling alley worker Amy and nonconformist Raquel kick some serious demon butt while also facing their inner demons as they navigate their early 20s.
Rats	Explore the icky world of rats and witness how their talent for surviving in almost any environment has led to catastrophic events throughout history.
Sensitive Skin	Davina and Al try to revamp their lives as they struggle with the uncertainties of middle age in this darkly comic adaptation of the British hit.
Sister Cities	After years of estrangement, four sisters gather in the wake of their mother's death, which may or may not have been a suicide.
Theo Who Lived	American journalist Theo Padnos retraces the Middle Eastern journey that led to his 2012 kidnapping and brutal torture by an al-Qaida faction.
3 Türken & ein Baby	The lives of three dissatisfied brothers running a family bridal shop turn topsy-turvy when one of them has to care for his ex-girlfriend's baby.
Cannabis	When a huge marijuana shipment falls prey to thieves, the aftermath touches players from all ranks of the drug trade between Morocco and Europe.
Color of Woman	Two women at a cosmetics company compete for love and success. One uses her brain and diligence, while the other works her beauty and charm.
Eddie - Strongman	British strongman Eddie Hall wants to be the strongest man in the world. This documentary reveals the grueling life choices that fuel his obsession.
Famous in Ahmedabad	Follow an 11-year-old boy as he goes from ordinary child to colorful competitor in his quest for a big win at India’s biggest kite-flying festival.
Goodbye My Wife	A couple’s five-year marriage is put on the line when each of their first loves comes back hoping for another shot at romance.
Happy And	This relatable relationship drama explores the real-life trials and joys of married life through the lens of 11 different wives.
Heaven's Garden	When her husband goes to jail for bankruptcy, a woman takes her two daughters to live with her father, who severed ties with her years ago.
Humsafar	To fulfill her mother's dying wish, middle-class Khirad marries elite Ashar. But those who disapprove plot to turn Ashar against his wife.
Ice Fantasy	The Ice Tribe prince journeys to a sacred mountain to vanquish evil but soon finds himself at war with the Fire Tribe, led by his long-lost brother.
Immortal Classic	Two renowned culinary families led by legendary food icons battle for the position of greatest chef, while protecting their secret kimchee recipes.
InuYasha	Yanked down a well, schoolgirl Kagome Higurashi emerges in feudal Japan, where she must reassemble a sacred jewel while eluding half-demon Inuyasha.
K-POP Extreme Survival	Seung Yeon decides to chase her dream of becoming a K-pop star and audition for a popular group. There's only one catch: It's a boy band.
Merlin	This family-oriented retelling of the King Arthur legend finds Merlin arriving in Camelot, where he hones his magic skills with the help of his uncle.
Miss Panda & Mr. Hedgehog	When a gifted patissier with a gloomy past meets a bright and easygoing café owner, he begins to shed his thorns and learns to love again.
Sadqay Tumhare	An arranged engagement between a village girl and her city cousin shows signs of true love, but an indiscretion decades ago could doom their romance.
Sand Storm	When a Bedouin patriarch takes a second bride, his first wife chafes against her changing status while his daughter chases her own dreams of autonomy.
Zindagi Gulzar Hai	Strong-willed, middle-class Kashaf and carefree, wealthy Zaroon meet in college, but before love can take root, they each have some growing up to do.
Zoom	Comic book artist Emma draws her ideal man: Edward, the director of a film about a novelist named Michelle, who's writing a book about Emma.
At All Costs	This revealing documentary explores how the high-stakes world of Amateur Athletic Union basketball has professionalized youth sports in America.
Tokyo Trial	In the wake of World War II, 11 Allied judges are tasked with weighing the fates of Japanese war criminals in a tense international trial.
Blackfish	This fascinating documentary examines the life of performing killer whale Tilikum, who has caused the deaths of several people while in captivity.
Ricardo O'Farrill: Abrazo navideño	The expressive Ricardo O'Farrill uses his astute comedic sensibilities to tease Christmas traditions, and not even Santa Claus escapes unscathed.
Asperger's Are Us	A comedy troupe of four friends on the autism spectrum prepares for a final show before its members go their separate ways.
Nobel	A series of incidents in Afghanistan set complicated political and personal events in motion for a returning Norwegian Special Forces officer.
Sons of Ben	Passion is an understatement. Meet the folks who wanted a Major League Soccer club in Philadelphia so badly, they became fans before it even existed.
Captive	This documentary series reconstructs history's most complex, high-stakes hostage negotiations as kidnapping victims recount their terrifying ordeals.
Four Seasons in Havana	As Havana slowly revolves through the year, wistful detective Mario Conde probes the sultry heart of the city to investigate dark and deadly crimes.
Mariah Carey's Merriest Christmas	"Pop music superstar Mariah Carey hosts this all-star holiday celebration with special guests and a celebrity reading of ""The Night Before Christmas."""
Spectral	When an otherworldly force wreaks havoc on a war-torn European city, an engineer teams up with an elite Special Ops unit to stop it.
White Rabbit Project	"Kari Byron, Tory Belleci and Grant Imahara rank history's greatest inventions, heists and more in this series from the producers of ""MythBusters."""
Kickboxer: Vengeance	After a skilled fighter falls in the ring, his younger brother emerges from the shadows to train and get revenge against a brutal champion.
Miss in Kiss	A quirk of fate sends an ordinary, sweet-natured high school girl and her father into the home of the school genius, on whom she has a huge crush.
Other People	After a bad breakup, a struggling New York comedy writer tries to don a brave face and care for his dying mother in Sacramento.
The Cuba Libre Story	This documentary series recounts the tumultuous history of Cuba, a nation of foreign conquest, freedom fighters and Cold War political machinations.
Blue Jay	Two former high school sweethearts unexpectedly reunite in their old hometown, where they rediscover their magical bond and face a shared regret.
One in a Billion	Follow the journey of Satnam Singh Bhamara as he works to fulfill his dream of becoming the first India-born player to be drafted into the NBA.
Reggie Watts: Spatial	The comic innovator delivers a surreal set blending experimental songs, jokes about grits, guns and drugs, and other improvised comedy adventures.
The Model	Danish teen Emma moves to Paris hoping to become a top model, but her dreams soon unravel when her affair with photographer Shane turns obsessive.
From Dusk Till Dawn	Bank-robbing brothers encounter vengeful lawmen and demons south of the border in this original series based on Robert Rodriguez' cult horror film.
The Good Neighbor	Two tech-savvy teens plot to fool a cranky old neighbor into believing his house is haunted, but their cruel prank soon takes some unexpected turns.
Mercenary	When he defies his cruel father and leaves New Caledonia to play rugby in France, young Soane learns hard lessons about life, love and success.
Diary of a Chambermaid	An attractive young woman goes to work as a chambermaid for a troublesome couple. The wife is unreasonable, and the husband won't stop hitting on her.
Lost & Found Music Studios	Teen singers-songwriters in an elite music program form bonds of friendship, creativity and romance while turning their passion into their profession.
Rezeta	Gorgeous and free-spirited Albanian model Rezeta arrives in Mexico City, and soon uses her charms to take up a carefree new life in the metropolis.
For the Love of Spock	"The son of actor Leonard Nimoy directs this moving look at his father's portrayal of Spock, the iconic ""Star Trek"" character he played for 50 years."
Pacific Heat	In this animated satire, a covert squad of operatives short on smarts but long on confidence tackles crime on the glitzy Gold Coast of Australia.
White Girl	A college girl romping through New York City in search of cocaine and other highs finds something real to grasp, only to see it potentially slip away.
Yoga Hosers	With an all-important high school party at stake, two teen yoga fanatics enlist a man hunter to help fight an army of monsters created by Nazis.
#Rucker50	This documentary celebrates the 50th anniversary of the Harlem sports program that has inspired countless city kids to become pro basketball players.
1000 Rupee Note	After randomly receiving a handsome political bribe, a sweet, poor elderly woman decides to treat herself a shopping spree, which doesn't go smoothly.
Across Grace Alley	A young boy, upset by his parents' divorce, becomes infatuated with his grandmother's neighbor, an entrancing dancer he watches through a window.
Asu Mare 2	To win the heart of his true love – a high-society girl – a hapless commoner plots to change his identity and avoid his embarrassing friends.
Back to 1989	A young man who's learned nothing about his father from his single mom has a freak accident that sends him back to 1989, the year before he was born.
Bromance	Ya-nuo's been raised as a boy. Now at age 25, she's caught the eye of a triad leader's sister. But what happens when she reveals her true gender?
Chill with Bob Ross	Iconic artist and master of relaxation Bob Ross demonstrates the process of creating wintry scenes in these episodes dedicated to the season.
Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet	After falling through a wormhole, a space-dwelling teen mecha pilot awakes to find himself amid the inhabitants of a strange planet called ... Earth.
Interrogation	In this fact-based drama, politically motivated cops in Andhra Pradesh set out to frame four Tamil laborers for a crime, torturing them to no avail.
K	A young boy is wanted for a crime he has no recollection of committing and must go on the run, hunted by two powerful kings and their forces.
Merlí	An unconventional high school philosophy teacher upsets a few parents and staff, romances others and inspires all his pupils, including his gay son.
Natural Selection	As the new kid, a shy high school senior finds himself tormented by all his peers except one. But his new friend has a dark, infectious outlook.
Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan: Demon Capital	By night, teenage Rikuo becomes a form of demon called yokai, preparing to fulfill his destiny as the head of his legendary yokai clan.
Rainbow Time	A developmentally disabled man obsessed with the Fonz, guns and all things kinky poses a challenge for his arrogant brother when he moves in with him.
Refresh Man	Ten years after a once-promising student graduates, she finds herself working at a cosmetics company run by the boy with the worst grades in school.
Richard Pryor: Live in Concert	Richard Pryor's classic 1979 concert film has him discussing a wide range of topics, including race, the police and his favorite target – himself.
Tellur Aliens	Three teenaged best friends on the planet Telluria begin an incredible journey of adventure as they fight against the most evil being in the universe.
The Irish Mob	This documentary crime series charts the rise of the Irish Mob in America, from urban immigrant poverty to political power and wealth.
The Violin Player	An unemployed Bollywood session violinist in Mumbai finally lands a small gig, but it's what happens on his way home that proves truly transformative.
Yo-Kai Watch: The Movie	Nate's special Yo-Kai Watch is missing. He travels back in time to meet the watch's inventor, his grandfather. Together, they must restore history!
When Two Worlds Collide	This documentary takes a hard look at how indigenous peoples clashed violently with the Peruvian government over land and economics in the Amazon.
Beauties of the Night	Back in the days of disco, Mexico had its own stars of the night. This documentary casts new light on former queens of the Mexican burlesque scene.
Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life	Set nearly a decade after the finale of the original series, this revival follows Lorelai, Rory and Emily Gilmore through four seasons of change.
Michael Che Matters	"""SNL"" star Michael Che takes on hot-button topics like inequality, homophobia and gentrification in this stand-up set filmed live in Brooklyn."
Ludo	Needing a secluded place for a late-night tryst, two couples stow away in a mall after hours, but are quickly ensnared in a gruesome and deadly game.
Mercy	Two brothers clash with their half-siblings when a visit home to see their dying mother surfaces old secrets and becomes a fight for survival.
The Land of Cards	A royal prince arrives on an island of fascist rule and inspires a rebellion among its women in this hallucinogenic adaptation of a classic play.
Carlos Ballarta: El amor es de putos	Carlos Ballarta mocks daily life in Mexico, including public transit, the education system and the corn seller who betrays your confidence.
Donald Glover: Weirdo	"Fearlessly funny stand-up comic and sitcom star Donald Glover puts on a live show in New York, confessing his love for Cocoa Puffs and Toys ""R"" Us."
Colin Quinn: The New York Story	"The ""SNL"" veteran performs his off-Broadway show about the history of New York and the people who shape its personality. Directed by Jerry Seinfeld."
Divines	A shrewd teenager and her wisecracking best friend plan to get rich or die trying by following in the footsteps of a flashy female drug dealer.
La Niña	A former Colombian guerrilla fighter faces challenges as she reintegrates into society and tries to overcome her traumatic memories.
Sour Grapes	A dizzying chronicle of excess and deception dissects a fascinating case of fine-wine fraud and the con man who cheated investors out of millions.
Paranoid	When a woman is brutally murdered on a playground, a group of detectives find themselves drawn into a dark conspiracy as they search for the killer.
Brown Nation	An Indian American man living with his artistic wife and contentious father-in-law struggles to handle his household and a foundering IT company.
Dieter Nuhr: Nuhr in Berlin	The cerebral and popular German cabaret comic expounds his theories on gender norms, primal instincts and a decidedly gastrointestinal Big Bang.
Little Baby Bum: Nursery Rhyme Friends	Nursery rhymes and original music for children accompanied by bright, playful animation engage and educate about numbers, shapes, colors and more.
Mumbai Cha Raja	This coming-of-age tale follows Rahul, a young boy growing up in a Mumbai slum whose alcoholic father abuses him and his mother.
Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States	This documentary series offers an alternative take on modern American history, focusing on underreported events that shaped the nation's character.
The Beginning of Life: The Series	Using breakthroughs in technology and neuroscience, this series examines how environment affects infants – and how infants can affect our future.
True Memoirs of an International Assassin	After his publisher markets his crime novel as a memoir, a novice author finds himself forcibly recruited into a deadly political plot in Venezuela.
Einsatzgruppen: The Nazi Death Squads	This documentary series examines the Einsatzgruppen, Nazis responsible for the mass murder of Jews, Romani and Soviet prisoners in Eastern Europe.
Kathleen Madigan: Bothering Jesus	The Irish American comic riffs on everything from growing up in Missouri, signing up her parents to be Uber drivers and anything to do with bacon.
Case	A smart lawyer whose drinking and recklessness send him on a path of self-destruction finds new purpose investigating a teenager's apparent suicide.
Danger Mouse	The world's greatest super-spy returns to save the world with the help of hapless hamster Penfold and a collection of state-of-the-art gadgetry.
My Way	Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi opens up about his life, including his sex scandals, corruption trials, and friendship with Putin.
Dana Carvey: Straight White Male, 60	Emmy-winning comedian Dana Carvey blends pitch-perfect takes on big personalities with so-true-it-hurts stories from his life as a dad of millennials.
Qué pena tu serie	Javier is happily in love with Sofia, so when she breaks up their perfect life, he has to get her back – or maybe try finding a new perfect love.
The Ivory Game	Filmmakers infiltrate the corrupt global network of ivory trafficking, exposing poachers and dealers as African elephants edge closer to extinction.
Thorne: Scaredy Cat	Heading a new team whose aim is to crack the cases that leave others stumped, detective Tom Thorne finds himself on the hunt for two serial killers.
Thorne: Sleepyhead	Investigating a series of attacks on young women, detective Tom Thorne is dragged back into the nightmares of his past as he races to find a killer.
A Grand Night In: The Story of Aardman	Aardman Animations icons Wallace & Gromit, Morph and more join fans and collaborators for a retrospective celebrating the studio's 40th anniversary.
Highway to Heaven	Under God's direction, angel Jonathan and ex-cop Mark help troubled souls overcome adversity and embrace honesty, kindness and forgiveness.
Inborn Pair	Betrothed while in utero, a resort group president enters into an arranged marriage with a legal assistant. Despite their bickering, love blooms.
Just You	When her uptight new boss and landlord starts a war on office romances, plucky Liang-liang quickly starts looking for ways to get him to lighten up.
Love Around	After a chance meeting at a ballpark, the kind son of a former gangster tries to help an outgoing radio DJ get over her recent heartbreak.
Love Family	A wealthy heir's search for a nameless childhood sweetheart leads him to an inn run by a family with three sisters. But which one is his true love?
Love Me or Leave Me	When a marriage-phobic woman hires a seductress to test how faithful her eager-to-wed boyfriend is, her plan takes an unexpected turn.
Love Now	When her loved ones cook up a morbid plan to make her take time off from work, Yang Yiru goes on a vacation, truly believing she has terminal cancer.
Norman Lear: Just Another Version of You	"This documentary turns the spotlight on the man behind the iconic ""All in the Family,"" with comments from friends, family and famous collaborators."
Santa Pac's Merry Berry Day	Pac aims to keep Berry Day the happiest day ever by unraveling a curious mystery about his parents and thwarting Betrayus's plan to capture Santa Pac.
Spanish Affair 2	Spanish provincialism is put into the spotlight as a man from the Basque Country embarks on a mission to keep his daughter from marrying a Catalan.
The Interview	When a man who's seemingly lost everything is grabbed by police for questioning, it starts a twisted cat-and-mouse game between him and a detective.
The Last Days of Chez Nous	Successful writer Beth's tepid marriage and home life face a new round of challenges when her footloose younger sister arrives for an extended visit.
Tree Man	Entrepreneurs from Vermont and Quebec sell Christmas trees on the streets of New York, becoming a cherished part of neighborhood holiday traditions.
Winter of Our Dreams	After the death of a long-ago lover, married philanderer Rob tracks down her friend, a drug-addicted prostitute desperate to escape her dead-end life.
Women Behind Bars	This reality series recounts true stories of women who have been convicted for murder, including an in-depth examination of each crime.
Young Tiger	Aided only by a tough female police officer, a Hong Kong taxi driver tries to escape from gangsters pursuing incriminating evidence left in his cab.
Pup Star	After a singing pup with big dreams of stardom gets dognapped and escapes with a friend's help, her journey home is a fun, music-filled adventure.
I Am the Pretty Thing That Lives in the House	A nervous nurse who scares easily finds herself caring for an ailing horror novelist while living in a house with hidden secrets.
Into the Inferno	With stunning views of eruptions and lava flows, Werner Herzog captures the raw power of volcanoes and their ties to indigenous spiritual practices.
The African Doctor	Happily escaping a dictatorship, a Congolese doctor transplants his family to a small French village, where culture shock sets in for everyone.
They Are Everywhere	In counseling sessions with his therapist, preoccupied Yvan shares stories of anti-Semitism and what it's like to live as a Jew in modern France.
Trailer Park Boys: Out of the Park: Europe	The Trailer Park Boys are thrilled to get a free trip to Europe, until they arrive and learn about their corporate sponsor's unusual requirements.
West Coast	Four small-town French teens who style themselves after American rappers set out to avenge a classroom insult and end up on a mind-blowing adventure.
7 años	Loyalties are tested and cruelties revealed when four business partners spend a tense evening debating who will pay for the crime they committed.
Containment	When a ferocious contagion sweeps through Atlanta, authorities impose a precarious quarantine on the city while scrambling to find a cure.
Joe Rogan: Triggered	Unleashing his inquisitive, intense comedic style, Rogan explores everything from raising kids and Santa Claus to pot gummies and talking to dolphins.
A Family Affair	The filmmaker hunts for the missing puzzle pieces of his family history during a visit with a complex and controversial figure: his grandmother.
A Mighty Team	When a fit of anger leads to a serious injury, a sidelined soccer star returns to his hometown and reluctantly agrees to train the local youth.
Berserk: The Golden Age Arc I - The Egg of the King	Loner Guts is recruited by Griffith and his band of mercenaries, but their ensuing success as a full-fledged army could lead to a horrible fate.
Bleach The Movie: Fade to Black	When his mind is fogged by a scimitar-weilding stranger, Mayuri destroys his laboratory, unleashing a cloud of reishi that lays waste to the Seiretei.
Bleach the Movie: Hell Verse	When a group of vicious Sinners plots to escape from this eternal prison in Hell, they discover that Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo is the key to their freedom. The Sinners launch an attack and in the process kidnap Ichigo's younger sister.
Blind Date	A passionate pianist and a soulful puzzle maker who treasures silence aren't the best neighbors, but things get interesting when they start to date.
DEATH NOTE	When a Japanese high schooler comes into possession of a mystical notebook, he finds he has the power to kill anybody whose name he enters in it.
Naruto Shippûden the Movie: Bonds	When strange ninjas ambush the village of Konohagakure, it's up to adolescent ninja Naruto and his long-missing pal, Sasuke, to save the planet.
Naruto Shippuden: The Movie	The adventures of adolescent ninja Naruto Uzumaki continue as he's tasked with protecting a priestess from a demon – but to do so, he must die.
Power Rangers Dino Super Charge	Just when you thought the Rangers' mission was accomplished there's an even more difficult challenge for them to face with the arrival of a new enemy.
Spotless	The law-abiding owner of a crime scene cleaning service is forced into business with a powerful mob boss thanks to his irresponsible older brother.
Vampire Knight	At Cross Academy, two student disciplinary committee members are tasked with keeping the peace between a human class and a night class of vampires.
Sky Ladder: The Art of Cai Guo-Qiang	Known for his spectacular pyrotechnic displays, Chinese artist Cai Guo-Qiang creates his most ambitious project yet in this breathtaking documentary.
Mascots	Eager contestants don big heads and furry suits to vie for the title of World's Best Mascot in this offbeat, comic romp from Christopher Guest.
Justin Timberlake + the Tennessee Kids	On the final nights of a world tour, director Jonathan Demme captures what makes the show soar: gifted musicians, deft dancers and a magnetic star.
13TH	In this thought-provoking documentary, scholars, activists and politicians analyze the criminalization of African Americans and the U.S. prison boom.
Russell Peters: Almost Famous	The comic comes home to Toronto to sound off on cultural quirks, kids' furniture and bathroom visits, reveling in all things ridiculously human.
StoryBots Super Songs	Characters from the popular StoryBots apps for early childhood education give musical lessons on math, science, history, behaviors, emotions and more.
The Siege of Jadotville	Besieged by overwhelming enemy forces, Irish soldiers on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in Africa valiantly defend their outpost in this true story.
LEGO Jurassic World: The Indominus Escape	The scientists of Jurassic World create a captivating and terrifying new creature that loves hot dogs. But what happens when the hot dogs run out?
Be with Me	They were the boy band to beat until fame tore them apart. Ten years later, five friends and an ex-love reunite and find themselves closer than ever.
Be with You	After reconnecting with their girlhood crushes, two sisters find their lives turned upside down by surprising revelations and romantic intrigue.
Bombshell	In 1985, when a vessel protesting nuclear testing is sunk in New Zealand, local police fight to prove it was a terrorist plot by their French allies.
Chatô: The King of Brazil	The romanticized life of media mogul Assis Chateaubriand depicts him as the star of a televised trial, where his passions and achievements are judged.
Chewin' the Fat	Petty criminals, dodgy decorators, full-bore Glaswegians and oddball documentary presenters converge in this sketch show that parodies Scottish life.
Fall in Love with Me	The head of a struggling ad agency finds herself torn between a hotshot executive and a kind stranger – not realizing they're the same person.
Harud	A young Kashmiri man sets out to escape to Pakistan and make sense of his brother's death, but he drifts aimlessly until finding his brother's camera.
Love Cheque Charge	Three years after making a wild promise to a woman in distress, a rigid businessman runs into her again and must decide whether to honor his word.
Masha's Spooky Stories	Masha explains why there's no need to be scared of things like monsters, the dark, going to a new school, thunder and other common childhood fears.
Much Ado About Nothing	Carefree college student Vicente ends up in a desperate fight for freedom when a well-connected friend falsely accuses him of a hit-and-run accident.
Murphy's Law of Love	An online matchmaker who's convinced she's living under a curse finds her theories on life and love tested when she meets a shrewd divorce expert.
My Big Night	An unemployed man gets a job as an extra at the shooting of a New Year's Eve TV special that's beset by crises and seems to go on forever.
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Legend of Everfree	The Equestria Girls, human teen counterparts to My Little Pony characters, head to Camp Everfree, where they need a little magic to help save summer.
Old Money	Backstabbing, blackmail and revenge consume the dysfunctional family of a wealthy patriarch as they compete to find him a new liver at all costs.
Pac's Scary Halloween	When sinister Dr. Pacenstein schemes to swap bodies with Pac during a Halloween party, Spiral, Cyli and Count Pacula scramble to save their pal.
Riphagen - The Untouchable	This biopic profiles Andries Riphagen, a Dutch criminal who blackmailed Jews in hiding during World War II and was responsible for hundreds of deaths.
Robotech	When a mysterious spaceship crashes in the Pacific, the people of Earth work to master the science of robotechnology and rebuild the giant fortress.
Skin Wars	Artists test their creativity and body painting skills as they face off in a series of elaborate challenges, vying for a grand prize of $100,000.
Someone Like You	After losing his sight and his fiancee in an accident, a man hires a caregiver who mysteriously sounds – and looks – just like his late girlfriend.
Umrika	An ambitious man leaves his small Indian village for America. But when his letters to home stop coming, his brother sets out on his own adventure.
Unchained: The Untold Story of Freestyle Motocross	This adrenaline-rush documentary traces the rise of freestyle motocross, arguably the world's most extreme sport, and spotlights its pioneers.
Welcome Mr. President	When frustrated politicians name a historical figure as the next president, an honest, humble man by the same name suddenly becomes Italy's leader.
When I See You Again	On a visit to his hometown, a rich bachelor seeks revenge on the woman who broke his heart 10 years ago. But his plan doesn't go as expected.
Amanda Knox	She was twice convicted and acquitted of murder. Amanda Knox and the people closest to her case speak out in this illuminating documentary.
Audrie & Daisy	In this wrenching documentary, two teens are sexually assaulted by boys they considered friends, humiliated online and harassed by their communities.
Iliza Shlesinger: Confirmed Kills	"The stand-up sensation tackles TV's ""Shark Tank,"" what it means to be a woman and how to deal with the lawless party goblin that lives in us all."
VeggieTales in the House	Bob the Tomato, Larry the Cucumber and their Veggie pals venture beyond the kitchen counter in these playful adventures with Christian themes.
Person of Interest	Ex-CIA agent John Reese and enigmatic billionaire Mr. Finch use software that can predict future events to prevent violent crimes before they occur.
The First Line	Two determined Athenian attorneys spearhead a lawsuit against the British Museum for the return of the Parthenon Marbles to Greece.
Beauty & the Beast	A homicide detective and a veteran who has been turned into a beast by a military experiment gone awry become allies after they meet by chance.
Karol Modzelewski, Łukasz „Lotek” Lodkowski No Offense	"Charismatic comedy pals Karol Modzelewski and Łukasz ""Lotek"" Lodkowski bring their mischievous brand of humor to Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy."
Katarzyna Piasecka, Rafał Pacześ Seriously Funny	Polish comedians Rafał Pacześ and Katarzyna Piasecka hit the stage at Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy for a night of funny anecdotes and sly jokes.
Mariusz Kałamaga, Karol Kopiec, Wiolka Walaszczyk Hilarious Trio	Comedians Mariusz Kałamaga, Karol Kopiec and Wiolka Walaszczyk deliver an eclectic and energetic stand-up show at Klub Hybrydy in Warsaw.
Rafał Banaś, Michał Leja Laugh out Loud	Young Polish comedians Rafał Banaś and Michał Leja present a high-energy stand-up show at Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy.
The Best of Rafał Rutkowski Olka Szczęśniak	"""Recipe for Life"" star Rafał Rutkowski and Comedy Lab's Olka Szczęśniak serve up humorous impressions and wry wit at Warsaw's Klub Hybrydy."
Tomasz Jachimek, Jacek Stramik Laugh at Live	Writer, actor and satirist Tomasz Jachimek teams up with comedian Jacek Stramik for a night of subversive stand-up at Klub Hybrydy in Warsaw.
Penny Dreadful	The classic tales of Dracula, Frankenstein, Dorian Gray and more are woven together in this horror series set on the dark streets of Victorian London.
ARQ	Trapped in a lab and stuck in a time loop, a disoriented couple fends off masked raiders while harboring a new energy source that could save humanity.
Cedric the Entertainer: Live from the Ville	"Donning his signature suit and fedora, the dapper comic offers a unique spin on getting old, the presidential election and ""Honky Tonk Badonkadonk."""
Louis C.K.: Hilarious	Emmy-winning comedy writer Louis C.K. brings his caustic wit to Milwaukee, offering up his unique and uncensored take on sex, parenting and more.
Raiders!: The Story of the Greatest Fan Film Ever Made	"Three childhood friends attempt to finish the pet project they've worked on for over 30 years: re-creating ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"" shot for shot."
The White Helmets	As daily airstrikes pound civilian targets in Syria, a group of indomitable first responders risk their lives to rescue victims from the rubble.
Natural Born Pranksters	"The biggest pranksters on YouTube – VitalyzdTV, Dennis Roady and Roman Atwood – turn Hollywood into ""Prankwood"" with their most over-the-top stunts."
Sample This	"This doc traces the impact of the Incredible Bongo Band's ""Apache,"" which played a key role in the birth of hip-hop after Kool Herc began sampling it."
Wartime Portraits	Part live-action and part animation, this visually inventive series offers striking portrayals of some of the unsung heroes of World War II.
Extremis	Witness the wrenching emotions that accompany end-of-life decisions as doctors, patients and families in a hospital ICU face harrowing choices.
Jandino: Whatever it Takes	"Jandino Asporaat riffs on the challenges of raising kids and serenades the audience with a rousing rendition of ""Sex on Fire"" in his comedy show."
Galavant	In a time of legend, Galavant the knight embarks on a quest to save his fair lady and become a hero in this tongue-in-cheek musical comedy.
Elstree 1976	"Then and now footage of bit players who appeared in ""Star Wars"" tells the story of how the film and its legions of fans changed their lives forever."
Chef's Table: France	Sample the bold new flavors of France with chefs who are pushing the boundaries of fine dining and reinventing a rich culinary tradition.
Kulipari: An Army of Frogs	In a tale of bravery and heroism, fearless frogs go to war against the sinister scorpions and spiders that have teamed up to conquer the amphibians.
A Noble Intention	In 1888 Amsterdam, a headstrong violin maker finds himself immersed in peril and tragedy after challenging businessmen who threaten his community.
Bon Bini Holland	On the island of Curaçao, an amiable scam artist angers gangsters and flees to Holland, where his conscience is torn between a woman and a new scheme.
Conspiracy	Skeptics and others discuss widely held conspiracy theories involving aliens, government cover-ups, secret assassinations and other intrigues.
Dead Set	While the housemates in the Big Brother house remain oblivious, fast-moving hordes of the undead decimate the studio compound.
Dukhtar	A young mother embarks on a desperate quest for freedom when she kidnaps her 10-year-old daughter to save her from a tribal marriage.
Easy Fortune Happy Life	Years after a wealthy man is healed by a rural herbalist, fate lands him in the same hospital where the woman's granddaughter is treating patients.
Figaro Pho	Quirky little Figaro has a whole alphabet's worth of phobias. These wordless animated shorts follow his many fears from A to Z.
Forensic Files	Detectives and crime lab technicians use the latest and most fascinating procedures to solve crimes in this documentary-style show.
Full Out	After a debilitating accident ends her Olympic dreams, gymnast Ariana Berlin finds recovery and hope in the world of hip-hop and college athletics.
Game Winning Hit	An army deserter hiding out in a small coastal town becomes the coach of a youth baseball team and develops warm relationships in his new community.
Holy Hell	An ex-member charts his path from idealism to disenchantment in a California cult when alarming revelations about the group's leader come to light.
Lucky Days	When laidback Ren, who is about to divorce his money-crazy wife, finds a time-traveling computer, he decides to use it to reboot his marriage.
Off Course	Fed up with the uselessness of their degrees and swayed by a TV commercial, two Spaniards head to Berlin for work but find it not quite as advertised.
Saudi Arabia Uncovered	Undercover cameras expose public floggings, executions and other brutality in Saudi Arabia, and introduce those risking their own lives for change.
Station Horizon	Ex-con Joris returns to his Swiss hometown, a community obsessed with American culture and ideals, to start over and save his family's gas station.
The Fierce Wife	Beautiful housewife Xie An Zhen seems to be living the perfect life but finds her world crumbling after learning that her husband is cheating on her.
The Womanizer	Libertine He-jie finds himself torn between the lovely Amanda and fiery Xiao-qian. But now he faces a new problem: arrogant rival suitor Cheng-en.
The Year of Happiness and Love	Jiang Chen-bo is a loser without prospects for success, until a surprise promotion becomes the catalyst for his entire family's upturn in fortune.
We Need to Talk	A happy woman's new love is going great, but she needs one thing: divorce papers from her depressed ex. To get them, trickery may be in order.
Witches: A Century of Murder	Historian Suzannah Lipscomb investigates the witch hunts that plagued Britain in the 17th century, examining common myths about their origin.
Blue Is the Warmest Color	Determined to fall in love, 15-year-old Adele is focused on boys. But it's a blue-haired girl she meets on the street who really piques her interest.
Glitter Force	Five preteen girls learn they're a legendary superhero squad known as the Glitter Force. Their mission? To defend Earth from evil fairy-tale villains.
Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Guy: We’ve Been Thinking...	Grammy-nominated comedians Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Guy bring their distinctive brand of humor to a packed crowd in Minneapolis.
XOXO	The lives of a budding DJ, his loyal pal, a hopeless romantic, a jaded has-been and a troubled couple intersect at an electronic dance music festival.
Abzurdah	A disenfranchised 16-year-old girl connects to an older man on the internet and after a brief one-sided affair descends into obsession and anorexia.
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell	In 1806, ambitious magician Norrell leads a revival of practical magic in England and ignites a fierce rivalry with bold young conjurer Strange.
Dhanak	A movie-loving 10-year-old and her blind little brother trek to meet Indian superstar Shah Rukh Khan for help in getting the boy an eye operation.
Fearless	On a journey from Brazil to the Las Vegas championships, professional bull riders risk it all to earn money, respect and titles.
I'll Sleep When I'm Dead	Superstar DJ Steve Aoki reflects on the driving force behind his career: his ambitious father, Benihana founder and perennial daredevil Rocky Aoki.
Puffin Rock	Life is sweet on beautiful Puffin Rock, where puffling Oona, her baby brother Baba and their pals learn about nature, friendship and family.
Behind Enemy Lines	After dire setbacks in 1940, Winston Churchill commissions a new kind of fighting force: commandos trained to use stealth and audacious tactics.
Being AP	With retirement staring him in the face, an all-time-great jump jockey pursues his 20th consecutive title in his unrelenting quest for glory.
Caught on Camera	Nick Wallis presents crimes caught on CCTV, cell phones and other devices and reveals how investigators use the recordings to solve tough cases.
John & Jane	Truth and fiction blend in this quasi-documentary about six exhausted workers at a Mumbai call center servicing U.S. customers.
Louis C.K.: Live at the Comedy Store	The comic puts his trademark hilarious/thought-provoking spin on finding a bat in his kitchen, seeing rats having sex, Boston accents and dead pets.
Real Crime: Supermarket Heist (Tesco Bomber)	In 2000, U.K. detectives spent months tracking a criminal known only as Sally, who was targeting a supermarket chain with extortion and letter bombs.
13 Cameras	Young parents-to-be Claire and Ryan move into a suburban rental home, unaware that someone is secretly watching their every move via hidden cameras.
Jim Gaffigan: Beyond the Pale	Comedian Jim Gaffigan cuts loose on a variety of topics, including Hot Pockets, holidays, Catholicism and his favorite activity: doing nothing.
Jim Gaffigan: King Baby	Jim Gaffigan offers up his take on bacon, bowling and other weighty topics in this stand-up performance filmed live in Austin on his 2008 comedy tour.
Jim Gaffigan: Mr. Universe	Funnyman Jim Gaffigan offers up his unique take on everything from Disney World to overweight whales in this live show from Washington, D.C.
Jim Gaffigan: Obsessed	Comic Jim Gaffigan delivers his sardonic take on topics like eating, exercise, weddings and his five kids in this live stand-up special.
David Cross: Making America Great Again!	Cross skewers Donald Trump, religious taboos and American swagger in a provocative night of comedy at the Paramount Theatre in Austin, Texas.
Ever After High	The kids of fairy-tale characters attend a school with two cliques: those who accept their fairy-tale destinies and those who want to write their own.
The Little Prince	When an overscheduled girl befriends an eccentric aviator, he regales her with tales about the adventures of an unusual boy who lives on an asteroid.
Lavell Crawford: Can a Brother Get Some Love?	"""Last Comic Standing"" runner-up Lavell Crawford lords over a hometown crowd at St. Louis's Orpheum Theatre, raking in the love – and the laughs."
APEX: The Story of the Hypercar	A visionary carmaker introduces his fuel-efficient, high-performance hypercar to a market filled with big-name competitors like Ferrari and Porsche.
Autumn's Concerto	After losing all memories of his past, a wealthy lawyer travels to a rural village where a woman he once loved now lives with her son.
Battlefield Recovery	A four-man team heads to Latvia and Poland to unearth rare World War II artifacts and shed new light on the bloody battles of the Eastern Front.
Children of God	A former member examines the lingering effects of being raised in the Family, a cult whose disturbing practices include the sexual abuse of children.
Cocaine	Three films chronicle the cocaine trade's sweeping impact on the citizens of Peru, Brazil and Colombia, from poor farmers to powerful drug lords.
Edge of the Universe	Leading astronomers reveal the latest discoveries about death-trap planets, asteroids, comets and other wonders of the cosmos.
Hitler's Olympics	Hitler, Nazi propaganda and 1936 Berlin Olympics are put under the microscope to uncover hidden truths and the historical legacy of those games.
Holding the Man	In 1970s Australia, two teen boys fall in love with each other and defeat obstacles to their 15-year relationship, until a new crisis comes their way.
How to Win the US Presidency	This whimsical look at rough-and-tumble American politics examines the influence of money, religion and even ancient Rome on presidential campaigns.
Interview with a Serial Killer	In this jailhouse interview, Arthur Shawcross, the Genesee River Killer, shares candid details of his crimes and his surprising family bonds.
La Esclava Blanca	In Colombia in 1821, a white orphan is taken in by black slaves. Years after being torn from them, she returns to find her family and childhood love.
Love Cuisine	A successful Taiwanese chef moves home from Europe to teach at a cooking school. He soon clashes with a pretty teacher he met under odd circumstances.
Miss Rose	Resolving to get married soon, hardworking Si-yi finds love in an unexpected place, but her ex and her job interfere with her plans.
Office Girls	A department store mogul has his son work incognito in a menial job to prove his worthiness, while female co-workers teach him how normal people live.
Queen of No Marriage	Sparks begin to fly when a successful 33-year-old single woman and a 25-year-old romantic with few prospects navigate love and differences.
Real Crime: Diamond Geezers	In an attempted heist worthy of a Hollywood film, a cadre of criminals sets out to steal the world's largest perfect diamond from a London landmark.
The Prince Who Turns into a Frog	Before his wedding, a cold CEO is hit by a car and awakens a changed man. As he and the driver fall in love, more changes appear on the road ahead.
Two Fathers	When two single guys learn a woman they both slept with disappeared after giving birth, they decide to raise her baby girl together as a family.
You're My Destiny	A young woman's romantic cruise ends in a twist when she gets pregnant after a one-night stand with a rich executive, turning their lives upside down.
LEGO Bionicle: The Journey to One	Six legendary heroes find themselves on an epic quest as they harness the power of nature's elements to defeat the forces of evil.
Tallulah	While searching for her ex-boyfriend, a young drifter impulsively kidnaps a baby from a neglectful mother and pretends the child is her own.
Lizzie Borden Took an Ax	This made-for-TV drama chronicles the scandal and enduring mystery surrounding Lizzie Borden, who was tried in 1892 for axing her parents to death.
Popples	The adorable Best Popple Pals love helping their friends and neighbors, but every time they do it seems to backfire in hilarious ways.
Internet Famous	Five viral Internet celebrities travel to a competition that will award one of them their own television series in this ensemble comedy.
Holidays	Eight gleefully grim short tales set on Halloween, Mother's Day, St. Patrick's Day and other holidays comprise this chilling horror anthology.
Lusers	Three men from different nations must find their way out of the Amazon jungle – on foot – when they get lost on the way to Brazil's World Cup Final.
Rebirth	Long-lost buddy Zack gets suburban dad Kyle on a bus to a Rebirth seminar, sending him down a rabbit hole of psychodrama, seduction and violence.
Tony Robbins: I Am Not Your Guru	Tony Robbins' clients swear by his unorthodox life coaching methods. A revealing film goes behind the curtain at his annual mega-event.
Gridlocked	An embittered cop is tasked with baby-sitting a spoiled actor, but the two must learn to fight together when they run afoul of a group of mercenaries.
Magi: Adventure of Sinbad	The Magi who became High King of the Seven Seas started as a boy determined to make the world a better place. He begins with a dangerous dungeon.
Summer of '92	When a quirk of fate kicks the Danish national soccer team into the European Championship final, the coach must whip his unprepared squad into shape.
The Invitation	A man accepts an invitation to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife, an unsettling affair that reopens old wounds and creates new tensions.
NSU German History X	After German reunification, the neo-Nazi National Socialist Underground begins a killing spree while cops fight an uphill battle to catch them.
Brahman Naman	This homage to 1980s teen sex comedies follows a college quiz bowl champion who knows almost everything – except how to talk to women.
Kuromukuro	When mecha attack a research center, its students, pilots, and researchers must fight back with the help of mysterious artifacts and a young samurai.
Between	After a mysterious disease kills every resident over 22 years old, survivors of a town must fend for themselves when the government quarantines them.
Deep	As he grapples with a life-threatening illness, a police investigator tracks the explosion of a new synthetic drug on the streets of Paris.
Exit Afghanistan	Featuring interviews with participants on all sides, this documentary questions Norway and the West's protracted military involvement in Afghanistan.
Happyish	"A middle-aged adman is shaken up by his new boss, a 25-year-old who advises him to ""rebrand"" himself. Is it possible, or is this as good as he'll get?"
Jim Jefferies: Freedumb	Returning for a second Netflix comedy special, Jim Jefferies unleashes his famously ferocious black humor to a packed house in Nashville, Tennessee.
King Jack	Already coping with a bully, a mercurial older brother and summer school, 15-year-old Jack is saddled with his young cousin for an eventful weekend.
Limitless	A failed musician unleashes his brain's full powers with a new drug and is hired to solve the FBI's hardest cases in this show based on the 2011 film.
Marco Polo	Set in a world of greed, betrayal, sexual intrigue and rivalry, “Marco Polo” is based on the famed explorer’s adventures in Kublai Khan’s court.
Operation Proposal	On Yi-seul's wedding day, her friend Baek-ho wishes he could turn back time to tell her he loves her. Soon he gets a chance to change everything.
Road to Yesterday	Their marriage failing, Victoria and Izu try to reconnect during a road trip. But bringing long-repressed secrets to light threatens yet more discord.
Stealing History	Journalists expose how smugglers, dealers, collectors and scholars promote plunder of ancient artifacts from war-torn Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Suicide (Hitabdut)	A failed businessman must kill himself to pay off a loan shark or his family will die, but a detective discovers the case turns on a shocking secret.
The Future of Water	A look at the deeply intertwined history of humanity and fresh water reveals looming challenges that could upend power structures around the world.
X: Past Is Present	When a middle-aged filmmaker meets an alluring stranger at a party, he's haunted by troubling memories of his past relationships.
You Carry Me	A soap opera producer, director and makeup artist each face wrenching family turmoil, from teen rebellion and marital infidelity to Alzheimer's.
(T)ERROR	This real-life look at FBI counterterrorism operations features access to both sides of a sting: the government informant and the radicalized target.
Palio	In this documentary, a centuries-old horse race in the city of Siena, Italy, is the forum for a showdown between a young jockey and his former mentor.
Justin Time GO!	A young boy's imagination takes him throughout the world and history, where he learns life lessons and has tons of fun with two make-believe friends.
Sofía Niño de Rivera: Exposed	Self-deprecating comic Sofía Niño de Rivera puts her sarcasm on full display in this stand-up special filmed live at Guadalajara's Degollado Theater.
The Fundamentals of Caring	In this inspirational buddy comedy, a young shut-in and his caregiver take a road trip in search of landmarks, but end up finding hope and friendship.
Life Story	This documentary series follows wild creatures in their native habitats as they navigate the perilous journey from birth to adulthood and beyond.
Ip Man 3	Martial arts master Ip springs into action when his son's school is threatened by a shady American, then defends his status as wing chun champion.
Reincarnated	Vice magazine's Andy Capper follows rapper Snoop Dogg on a pilgrimage to Jamaica, where he rechristens himself Snoop Lion, a reggae artist.
LEGO Friends: The Power of Friendship	Five best friends face adventures side by side in their hometown. Zany antics, love and missteps are better with friends!
Bo Burnham: Make Happy	Combining his trademark wit and self-deprecating humor with original music, Bo Burnham offers up his unique twist on life in this stand-up special.
Hibana: Spark	A dramatic series about friendship and conflict between two comedians who search for meaning in life and comedy. Based on the prize-winning book.
72 Cutest Animals	This series examines the nature of cuteness and how adorability helps some animal species to survive and thrive in a variety of environments.
72 Dangerous Places to Live	Get up close and personal with avalanches, fiery volcanoes and other natural cataclysms, and learn why some choose to live in their destructive paths.
Black Man White Skin	This film chronicles the health and social problems that African albinos face and details the fight waged on their behalf by advocacy groups in Spain.
Bob Ross: Beauty Is Everywhere	"""The Joy of Painting"" host Bob Ross brings his signature wet-on-wet style to a bevy of bucolic landscape paintings celebrating the beauty of nature."
Gentlemen and Gangsters	Now on the run, a writer relates his previous year's escapades when he got sucked into the thrilling, sordid orbit of boxer and jazz man Henry Morgan.
Spy Time	When his girlfriend dumps him for being a bore, a working stiff discovers that his father is a secret agent and a dangerous thug is targeting them.
The Fear of 13	After 20 years on Death Row, self-educated inmate Nick petitions the court to be executed, then tells his twisting, turning tale of despair and hope.
The Heroes of Evil	Three teenage misfits find camaraderie in sex, violence and petty crime. But what starts as a lark soon threatens to damage them beyond repair.
Hell on Wheels	Former Confederate soldier Cullen Bohannon sets out on a quest to find his wife's killer as post-Civil War America struggles to rebuild its identity.
Mako Mermaids: An H2O Adventure	"This ""H2O"" sequel follows Zac, a boy who accidentally turns into a merman and threatens the existence of three young mermaids who guard Mako Island."
The Do-Over	The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure.
Bitten	Elena Michaels tries to stray from the pack of werewolves that turned her into a monster, but her efforts are thwarted by a string of grisly murders.
The Last Man on the Moon	Astronaut Gene Cernan looks back on the exciting history of NASA's lunar landings and how being the last man to stand on the moon changed his life.
Dramaworld	"A huge fan of a Korean TV drama is transported to a magical realm where she has the power to alter her favorite show's story line as a ""Facilitator."""
The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!	Mixing live action and animation, this classic series brought the beloved Super Mario Bros. video game characters to television screens everywhere.
Attacking the Devil: Harold Evans and the Last Nazi War Crime	Intrepid newspaper editor Harold Evans wages an ongoing battle to expose the truth about a dangerous drug and obtain compensation for its victims.
The Chosen Ones	Young Ulises falls in love with teen Sofia, even as he is forced to lure her into his family's prostitution ring. Now he'll do anything to rescue her.
Ali Wong: Baby Cobra	Ali Wong's stand up special delves into her sexual adventures, hoarding, the rocky road to pregnancy, and why feminism is terrible.
4th Man Out	A young mechanic comes out to his extremely straight best friends. Once they get used to the idea, they're determined to help him find the right guy.
Mark Gatiss: A Study in Sherlock	Mark Gatiss, who co-created “Sherlock” and plays Mycroft Holmes, discusses the show with Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman and others in the cast.
Palm Trees in the Snow	Finding a tantalizing clue in an old letter, a young woman journeys to her family's tropical plantation to uncover generations of secrets.
Terra	This visually arresting documentary essay reflects on our relationship to other living creatures as humanity becomes more isolated from nature.
Special Correspondents	When they lose their passports, a bickering radio team invents phony reports from a combat zone in a ruse that becomes increasingly complicated.
Team Foxcatcher	With never-before seen home video, this film recounts the paranoid downward spiral of John E. du Pont and the murder of Olympic wrestler Dave Schultz.
Africa	This five-part nature series chronicles fascinating stories of survival on the African continent, home to the most diverse animal life on the planet.
Democrats	After Zimbabwe's disputed 2008 election results, political enemies are asked to write a new constitution and save their country from a bleak future.
Catching the Sun	This documentary explores the worldwide economics of the burgeoning solar energy industry and its impact on hopeful job seekers in the United States.
Patton Oswalt: Talking for Clapping	On stage in San Francisco, the comedian covers topics like old people getting drugs, his worst stand-up set, gay proms and a horrible birthday clown.
Mac & Devin Go to High School	Devin Overstreet may be the class valedictorian, but he hasn't had much life experience. Enter Mac Johnson, a 10th-year senior and weed dealer.
Lost Girl	Discovering she's a succubus who sustains herself by feeding on the sexual energy of humans, seductive Bo sets out on a journey to understand herself.
The Messengers	A group of strangers who are killed by a mysterious object soon come back to life and learn they have been chosen to prevent the apocalypse.
Band of Robbers	Recast as modern-day men, Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn draft their misfit cronies to help find the buried treasure the two have sought since boyhood.
Belgica	Two brothers become partners in a modest nightclub and turn it into the hottest spot in town, but their exhilarating run of success comes at a price.
Prescription Thugs	A documentarian uses his own family's experiences as a springboard to explore the ethical issues surrounding the FDA and pharmaceutical industry.
Look Who's Back	When Adolf Hitler reawakens at the site of his former bunker 70 years later, he's mistaken for a brilliant comedian and becomes a media phenomenon.
Hush	A deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears in her window.
American Odyssey	An elite soldier, a corporate lawyer and a political activist uncover a deadly conspiracy linking terrorists to a powerful American corporation.
Cyborg 009 VS Devilman	"When a Black Ghost scientist releases newly modified cyborgs and mysterious demons appear in Tokyo, the worlds of ""Devilman"" and ""Cyborg 009"" meet."
Frank and Cindy	Frank was a rising pop star when he married Cindy, but decades of dashed dreams and alcoholism have left the pair struggling to find happiness.
Frank and Cindy	A student filmmaker vengefully turns his camera on his bitter mom and washed-up rock star stepdad in this dramedy based on a documentary.
Iverson	This unfiltered documentary follows the rocky life and stratospheric career of Allen Iverson, an NBA icon who left an indelible mark on the sport.
Jeremy Scott: The People's Designer	The journey of fashion designer Jeremy Scott from humble roots on a Missouri farm to creative director of Moschino is charted in this documentary.
Justin Time	In Justin's dreams, he and his imaginary friends Olive and Squidgy travel around the world learning about nature and other cultures.
Terrace House: Boys & Girls in the City	A new set of six men and women start their lives together under one roof. All they get is a fabulous home and a car. As always, there is no script.
Yo-Kai Watch	Nate frees a mythical being trapped in a magic capsule, and the two new friends have adventures with all sorts of troublesome supernatural creatures.
Covered: Alive in Asia	Christian musician Israel Houghton leads his band Israel & New Breed on a tour supporting their newest album of multicultural, hybrid-genre songs.
Republic of Doyle	A pair of father and son private investigators tries to keep their combustible personal lives in check while tackling an intriguing array of cases.
Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Scroll	When a twist of fate brings five unlikely animals together, they find that combining their unique kung fu styles as a team makes the perfect weapon!
Monkey Up	A talking monkey famous for his TV commercials dreams of breaking into real movies. But first he stumbles upon a brother and sister who need his help.
He Never Died	A reclusive immortal who needs human flesh but tries to stay clean finds himself cast back into society by a gang of thugs and his estranged daughter.
Jimmy Carr: Funny Business	British comedian Jimmy Carr unleashes his deadpan delivery and wickedly funny one-liners to a sold-out audience at the UK's Hammersmith Apollo.
My Beautiful Broken Brain	After suffering a stroke at age 34, a woman documents her struggles, setbacks and eventual breakthrough as she relearns to speak, read and write.
Pee-wee's Big Holiday	A chance encounter with a mysterious stranger (Joe Manganiello) points Pee-wee toward his destiny – and his first-ever holiday!
Chicken Little	No one believes Chicken Little when he tries to warn of an alien invasion – so it's up to him and his misfit friends to save the world!
Happy Valley	Yorkshire police sergeant Catherine Cawood pursues the man who assaulted her late daughter, unaware he is now part of a secret kidnapping plot.
Rurouni Kenshin	A nomadic swordsman arrives at a martial arts school in Meiji-era Japan, where he lands in the middle of a conflict involving the opium trade.
Netflix Presents: The Characters	We asked eight up-and-coming comedians for their wildest sketch and improv routines – and got a new comedy series unlike anything else.
Zinzana	Recovering alcoholic Talal wakes up inside a small-town police station cell, where he's subject to the mind games of a psychotic sadist.
Halo: The Fall of Reach	Witness the origins of Master Chief and the Spartan program as a group of children transform into enhanced soldiers and fight a powerful alien threat.
For Grace	As chef Curtis Duffy oversees every aspect of opening his own restaurant, Grace, he recalls his turbulent childhood and difficult adult relationships.
Blue Mountain State: The Rise of Thadland	New NFL star Thad buys his old teammates' beloved frat house, renames it Thadland and throws the raunchiest, most debauched party in school history.
Hot Bot	Two teenage geeks inadvertently find a lifelike, state-of-the-art sex robot, but must dodge the high-profile owner who lost her in order to keep her.
It's Now or Never	When Eva and Alex decide to wed in England, where they met three years earlier, obstacles including a labor strike and a volcano keep them apart.
Retribution	A dishonest banker pays the ultimate price for his wrongdoings when he is held hostage in his own speeding car by a bomb-making extortionist.
Your lie in April	After his mother's death, a piano prodigy's will to play disappears. But meeting a free-spirited girl who plays the violin turns his life around.
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny	Renowned warrior Yu Shu-Lien comes out of retirement to keep the legendary Green Destiny sword away from villainous warlord Hades Dai.
The Look of Silence	In a society terrorized into silence, the brother of a 1960s Indonesian genocide victim learns the identity of his murderers and confronts them.
Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Frost Fight!	In this Christmas-themed special, Captain America and the Avengers battle Loki and Ymir, who plot to steal Santa Claus' powers and conquer the world.
Cooked	As he tries his hand at baking, brewing and braising, acclaimed food writer Michael Pollan explores how cooking transforms food and shapes our world.
Abominable Christmas	Two small abominable snowmen flee their mountain to escape a scientist who's trying to capture them and end up spending Christmas with a human family.
Dear Dracula	When he gets a fan letter from a young monster movie buff, Dracula visits him and soon has a new friend helping him to get his confidence back.
Sister Code	After the death of their beloved mother, three foster sisters find their bond tested by old grudges, career tensions and a startling revelation.
The Pyramid Code	How was the scientific understanding of the ancients so advanced? A team of experts answers this and other questions in this fascinating series.
Lila & Eve	After each of them loses a child to murder, two women who meet in a support group initiate their own investigation when the police are no help.
Care Bears & Cousins	The whole huggable gang is back, bringing tales of caring and sharing to a new generation. And now the Care Bear Cousins are here to join the fun!
Hannibal Buress: Comedy Camisado	In a special packed with stealthy humor, Hannibal Buress tackles zipper etiquette, the legacy of steroids and the fallout from his Bill Cosby routine.
Turbo FAST	Join Turbo and his posse, the Fast Action Stunt Team. Filled with comedy, action and fun, this series amps it up to the extreme.
French Dirty	An aimless, unemployed millennial hangs out with his pals and resists growing up, until an affair with his best friend's girl forces him to change.
Larva	Two curious worms spend their days investigating the otherworldly objects that fall through the grate into their subterranean world.
Masha's Tales	Fairy tales get a funny twist when Masha retells them, because she tends to get the details just a little jumbled up in this animated kids' series.
The Lizzie Borden Chronicles	Exonerated in the murder of her father and stepmother, Lizzie Borden takes on crime lords, detectives and other foes as she savors her new infamy.
Frozen Planet	Go on a journey through the Arctic and Antarctic with this visually stunning program that explores these wildernesses and their inhabitants.
Frozen Planet: On Thin Ice	David Attenborough journeys to both polar regions to investigate what rising temperatures will mean for the people and wildlife that live there.
Frozen Planet: The Epic Journey	Collecting highlights from the epic documentary series that explores the entire polar year and the inhabitants, from the north to the south.
The Making of Frozen Planet	Documentary crew members brave Earth's most frigid regions to capture the majesty and mystery found in the chillier side of the animal kingdom.
Chelsea Does	In a provocative documentary series, comedian Chelsea Handler confronts personal and cultural hang-ups around four topics that fascinate her.
Ricardo O'Farrill Abrazo Genial	Ricardo O'Farrill brings his sharp, observational humor to the stage with a relentless sarcasm and specific Mexican sensibility. Prepare for mockery.
Ip Man	An occupying Japanese general challenges Chinese men to duels to prove the superiority of the Japanese, but Ip Man refuses to fight – at first.
Ip Man 2	New in Hong Kong, martial arts instructor Ip Man perseveres and retaliates against his rivals' opposition to the Wing Chun fighting style he teaches.
Parks and Recreation	In this Emmy-nominated comedy, an employee with a rural Parks and Recreation department is full of energy and ideas but bogged down by bureaucracy.
Tom Segura: Mostly Stories	"The bearded, bawdy and comically bitter Tom Segura gets real about body piercings, the ""Area 51"" of men's bodies, and the lie he told Mike Tyson."
Big Bad Beetleborgs	When three teens free a spirit that offers to grant each a wish, they choose to become their favorite superheroes, launching a series of adventures.
How to Change the World	In the 1970s, a group of activists who gathered to protest nuclear testing formed the iconic Greenpeace environmental organization.
Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers	Visitors arrive from space to help Red Ranger and his squad – temporarily stripped of their powers – fight against Lord Zedd and Rita Repulsa.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers	Five average teens are chosen by an intergalactic wizard to become the Power Rangers, who must use their new powers to fight the evil Rita Repulsa.
Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation	Everyone's favorite teenage mutants are back in live action to fight crime with help from a new ninja turtle – a female named Venus De Milo.
Power Rangers Dino Thunder	Dr. Tommy Oliver returns when his students discover the Dino Gems that morph them into the Dino Power Rangers, enabling them to stop the evil Mesogog.
Power Rangers in Space	With the Power Chamber destroyed, former Turbo Power Rangers T.J., Cassie, Carlos and Ashley search for Zordon, who's been abducted by Dark Specter.
Power Rangers Jungle Fury	The Power Rangers travel to California in search of their new master and find him running a pizza parlor – so they join the staff to be trained.
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	As demons rumble from their graves beneath Mariner Bay, a government organization called Lightspeed recruits five civilians to defend the city.
Power Rangers Lost Galaxy	Five teenagers, transformed by the mystical powers of the Quasar Sabers into the Galaxy Power Rangers, battle the evil Scorpius and Captain Mutiny.
Power Rangers Mystic Force	When the wicked Undead Army is unleashed, sorceress Udonna empowers five teenagers – the Mystic Force Power Rangers – to save mankind.
Power Rangers Ninja Storm	When the elite warriors from the Wind Ninja Academy are captured by the evil Lothor, Shane, Tori and Waldo become Wind Power Rangers to fight back.
Power Rangers Operation Overdrive	To keep powerful jewels from falling into the hands of two wicked brothers, five young Power Rangers set out on a dangerous global adventure.
Power Rangers RPM	The Power Rangers' new member, Dillon, isn't sure he wants to be on the team until he has a dream that sets the Rangers into action.
Power Rangers S.P.D.	When the Troobian Empire attacks Earth, the B-Squad Power Rangers Space Patrol Delta morphs into action to squash the alien threat and save the world.
Power Rangers Samurai	A new generation of Power Rangers must master the Symbols of Samurai Power, which give them control over the Earth's elements to battle dark forces.
Power Rangers Samurai: Christmas Together, Friends Forever (Christmas Special)	On Christmas Eve, as the teens at Shiba House reflect on their first year together, they get an unexpected lesson on the true spirit of the holidays.
Power Rangers Samurai: Clash of the Red Rangers	The Samurai Rangers team up with the RPM Ranger Red to fight off Master Xandred's Mooger army and a robotic villain from the RPM Ranger's dimension.
Power Rangers Samurai: Party Monsters (Halloween Special)	On Halloween night, the creepiest creatures from the Netherworld trade war stories about their battles with the Samurai Power Rangers.
Power Rangers Super Megaforce	Armed with a key that allows them to morph into any team of Legendary Rangers from the past, the Super Megaforce Rangers fight ruthless Prince Vekar.
Power Rangers Super Megaforce: The Legendary Battle (Extended)	New footage augments the tale of the Rangers, who give their all to save Earth from Vrak and Emperor Mavro, as the Armada stages an epic final attack.
Power Rangers Super Samurai	The Samurai Power Rangers continue their battle against the evil Master Xandred, who has now joined forces with the malevolent Serrator.
Power Rangers Super Samurai: Stuck on Christmas	The Samurai Rangers get stuck in the Megazord's cockpit on Christmas Eve when it breaks down. Can the Rangers get out in time for Christmas?
Power Rangers Super Samurai: Trickster Treat	When a Nighlok invades the Samurai Rangers' dreams and turns them into nightmares, the Rangers must figure out what is reality and what is illusion.
Power Rangers Time Force	The team launches a new campaign against evil in the year 3000, when the imprisoned criminal mastermind Ransik is freed by his daughter.
Power Rangers Turbo	The Rangers use high-tech battle cars to take on Queen Divatox and her Divazords, who mount an attack on the Rangers' beloved Angel Grove.
Power Rangers Wild Force	Raised in the wilderness, young Cole Evans leads the Wild Force Power Rangers as they summon their animal powers to battle the evil Master Org.
Power Rangers Zeo	"This ""Mighty Morphin Power Rangers"" spinoff finds Tommy and the gang battling new enemies, using abilities acquired from the Zeo Crystal."
Power Rangers: Megaforce	When Earth is threatened by a massive alien invasion, the planet's supernatural guardian calls upon five teenagers to form the ultimate defense team.
Power Rangers: Megaforce: Raising Spirits	"On Halloween, the scariest night of the year, the Rangers have a strange encounter with a mysterious medium who conjures ""visions"" of monsters past."
Power Rangers: Megaforce: The Robo Knight Before Christmas	Robo Knight learns the meaning of Christmas from a group of children when he is mistaken for a donated Christmas toy and is shipped to a foreign land.
Strawberry Shortcake: Berry Bitty Adventures	Join Strawberry Shortcake and her berry best friends in the whimsical land of Berry Bitty City, where they learn about teamwork and decision-making.
The Office (U.S.)	This hit comedy chronicles the foibles of disgruntled office workers – led by deluded boss Michael Scott – at the Dunder Mifflin paper company.
V.R. Troopers	Three friends who study martial arts find themselves defending humanity from a criminal mastermind and his invading army from another dimension.
Battle Creek	A polished FBI agent must team up with a cynical cop when he's dispatched to Battle Creek, Michigan, to set up an office at the local precinct.
Nurse Jackie	A flawed but dedicated ER nurse works in a New York City hospital and relies on pain meds to get through exhausting days in this Emmy-winning show.
Fifty	In Lagos, Nigeria, four successful women on the verge of 50 take stock of their lives and loves over the course of one week.
Marco Polo: One Hundred Eyes	A defiant warrior-monk arrives at Kublai Khan's court in chains and soon earns his tragic nickname in this 30-minute origin story.
Sammy & Co	In an underwater village bordering a tropical island, two young turtles and their pals keep their home safe and enjoy adventures in the big, wild sea.
The West Wing	This powerful political epic chronicles the triumphs and travails of White House senior staff under the administration of President Josiah Bartlet.
Fireplace 4K: Classic Crackling Fireplace from Fireplace for Your Home	The first of its kind in UHD 4K, with the clearest picture available, a real fireplace sparks and crackles, adding warmth and atmosphere to any home.
Fireplace 4K: Crackling Birchwood from Fireplace for Your Home	For the first time in 4K Ultra-HD, everyone's favorite Yuletide fireplace snaps and crackles in crystal clear, high-def holiday warmth.
Leo the Lion	Eschewing the carnivorous ways of his fellow lions, maverick Leo follows a vegetarian diet – causing the other lions to shun him.
Magic Snowflake	Young Nicolas agrees to do Santa's work for one year. But the stress of the job threatens the boy's sense of joy – and Christmas itself.
Santa's Apprentice	Young orphan Nicolas learns how to guide a sleigh, slide down chimneys and other duties he'll need when he becomes the next Santa Claus.
Mike Epps: Don't Take It Personal	Mike Epps tears up the stage at L.A.'s historic Orpheum Theatre in a special packed with blistering impressions and unapologetically raunchy swagger.
Bob's Broken Sleigh	An overly eager elf improves Santa's sleigh, but when he crash lands far from home, three odd critters pitch in to send him back to the North Pole.
Hart of Dixie	Fast-talking city girl Zoe Hart winds up patching up the locals of a tiny town in the Deep South when she inherits a medical practice in Alabama.
The Monster of Mangatiti	Real events are dramatized in the unthinkable story of a resilient teenager held prisoner by a seasoned predator on a remote farm in the 1980s.
This Was Tomorrow	The Tomorrowland music festival marks its 10th anniversary in Belgium, the U.S. and Brazil, with all the diverse excitement of the annual event.
The Ridiculous 6	When his outlaw dad is kidnapped, Tommy “White Knife” Stockburn sets off across the West on a rescue mission with five brothers he never knew he had.
Trailer Park Boys: Drunk, High and Unemployed: Live in Austin	Ricky, Julian and Bubbles bring their trailer park humor out onto the stage for a night of bravado, schemes and an intoxicated acting demo.
A Very Murray Christmas	Bill Murray rounds up an all-star cast for an evening of music, mischief and barroom camaraderie in this irreverent twist on holiday variety shows.
Power Rangers Dino Charge	In the time of dinosaurs, the ancient and powerful Energems were lost on Earth, and now the evil bounty hunter Sledge has returned to find them.
Atelier	"A young ""fabric geek"" lands a job at an upscale Japanese lingerie company – and quickly discovers she'll need help to survive."
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games	Rainbow Dash, Applejack and friends compete against Crystal Prep Academy and their lead athlete, this world's Twilight Sparkle, in sporting events.
Tyke Elephant Outlaw	This documentary recounts a 1994 incident in Honolulu in which a circus elephant attacked and killed its trainer, then ran loose on the city streets.
Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List	Naomi and her gay best friend, Ely, have been inseparable since childhood, but their bond faces its biggest test yet when they fall for the same guy.
John Mulaney: The Comeback Kid	"Armed with boyish charm and a sharp wit, the former ""SNL"" writer offers sly takes on marriage, his beef with babies and the time he met Bill Clinton."
W/ Bob & David	After being dishonorably discharged from the Navy Seals, Bob and David are back serving our country the way they do best – making sketch comedy.
Julius Jr.	Paul Frank's fun artwork comes to life in this show that follows monkey Julius Jr. and his friends as they explore the world and help each other out.
Kristy	Opting to stay on campus over the Thanksgiving holiday, coed Justine and a handful of friends find their break violently disrupted by a sadistic gang.
Manson Family Vacation	The pleasant family life of an L.A. attorney is disrupted by the sudden arrival of his brother, who is obsessed with the Charles Manson murders.
Walt Disney Animation Studios Short Films Collection	"This collection of 12 short films from Disney includes ""Frozen Fever,"" the Mickey Mouse short ""Get a Horse!"" and Oscar winners ""Paperman"" and ""Feast."""
Hemlock Grove	Secrets are just a part of daily life in the small Pennsylvania town of Hemlock Grove, where the darkest evils hide in plain sight.
Results	After an ugly divorce, a wealthy but unhappy man trains at a local gym and develops a strange relationship with the owner and a captivating trainer.
Anthony Jeselnik: Thoughts and Prayers	There's no subject too dark as the comedian skewers taboos and riffs on national tragedies before pulling back the curtain on his provocative style.
Beasts of No Nation	When civil war tears his family apart, a young West African boy is forced to join a unit of mercenary fighters and transform into a child soldier.
Circle	When a group of strangers is seized and awaits execution, they face the impossible task of choosing the one person among them worthy of being spared.
Some Assembly Required	A 14-year-old takes ownership of a toy company and hires a group of his friends to help him create amazing new toys.
Suburra	A grueling battle over turning a seaside town near Rome into a gambling paradise exposes criminal rivalries and endemic corruption on a grand scale.
Nature's Great Events (2009)	This series looks at how seasonal changes cause shifting weather patterns and ocean currents, creating the conditions for spectacular wildlife events.
The Blue Planet: A Natural History of the Oceans	David Attenborough narrates this definitive exploration of the marine world, from the familiar to the unknown, revealing the sea and its communities.
Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom	Over 93 days in Ukraine, what started as peaceful student demonstrations became a violent revolution and full-fledged civil rights movement.
Anjelah Johnson: Not Fancy	The actress, comedian and YouTube sensation riffs on everything from nail salons and Gypsies to Mexican moms and super-sleuthing Liam Neeson.
Wakfu: The Quest for the Six Eliatrope Dofus	Six years after Yugo and his team defeat Qilby, Ogrest's crying floods Amalia's kingdom. To stop him, they must find the six missing Eliatrope Dofus.
Monster High: Boo York, Boo York	Cleo is invited to a gala in the big city celebrating a magical comet and brings her best friends along. But the sinister Nefera has other plans.
SMOSH: The Movie	To keep his teen crush from spotting him in an embarrassing YouTube video, Anthony and his friend Ian must enter the virtual world and alter the clip.
Keith Richards: Under the Influence	In a documentary with unparalleled access, discover the people and sounds that inspired rock 'n' roll legend Keith Richards from childhood to today.
Cowspiracy: The Sustainability Secret	Learn how factory farming is decimating the planet's natural resources – and why this crisis has been largely ignored by major environmental groups.
6 Years	As a volatile young couple who have been together for six years approach college graduation, unexpected career opportunities threaten their future.
Haven	Residents of Haven, Maine, are plagued by supernatural afflictions. To reveal the truth, FBI agent Audrey Parker must delve into her own strange past.
Miss Julie	On a summer night in 1890 Ireland, the unsettled daughter of aristocrats coaxes her father's valet to seduce her, though he's engaged to their cook.
Demetri Martin: Live (At the Time)	"Demetri Martin brings his off-kilter take on acoustic guitar, hairless cats, color schemes, and the word ""nope"" to Washington in his original special."
Yellowbird	"An orphaned bird tags along with a flock on their long migration to Africa and becomes a hero when his newfound ""family"" runs into trouble."
Wet Hot American Summer	It's the first day of camp in this outrageous prequel to the hilarious 2001 cult classic movie. And at Camp Firewood, anything can happen.
Glee	Amid relationship woes and personal attacks from a wicked cheerleading coach, a teacher fights to turn underdog glee club members into winners.
Tig	Comedian Tig Notaro announced her cancer diagnosis at what became a legendary stand-up set in 2012. Follow her search for humor amid devastating news.
H2O: Mermaid Adventures	Three high school friends who turn into mermaids whenever they touch water have undersea adventures while keeping their new life a secret.
The Physician	A medical apprentice in 11th-century Persia disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians.
Creep	When a cash-strapped videographer takes a job in a remote mountain town, he finds that the client has some unsettling ideas in mind.
Chris Tucker Live	Filmed in his hometown of Atlanta, Chris Tucker showcases his stand-up comedic chops as he shares his experiences from childhood to the big time.
Monster High: Scaris, City of Frights	When Clawdeen gets a chance to study with a top fashion designer, she and her pals hop on a plane to Scaris, France, the city where screams come true.
The Day My Butt Went Psycho!	A boy and his best friend – his newly detached butt – embark on wacky adventures in a world where humans and their butts live side by side.
Ralphie May: Imperfectly Yours	Comedian Ralphie May takes to the Las Vegas stage with his raw, rollicking take on men's fashion, racism, sex and even waffles. Filmed live in 2013.
A Young Doctor's Notebook and Other Stories	Set during the Russian Revolution, this comic miniseries is based on a doctor's memories of his early career working in an out-of-the-way village.
What Happened, Miss Simone?	Using never-before-heard recordings, rare archival footage and her best-known songs, this is the story of legendary singer and activist Nina Simone.
Advantageous	In order to keep her job at a biomedical engineering firm that prizes youth, a middle-aged woman must submit to a drastic experimental procedure.
Danger Mouse: Classic Collection	Follow the adventures of superspy Danger Mouse and his bumbling sidekick, Penfold, as they jet around the world foiling their enemies' evil plots.
Johnny Test	Crafty 11-year-old Johnny Test and his genetically modified talking dog go on high-octane adventures to save his family (and the world) from disaster.
The Perfect Dictatorship	After accepting a colossal bribe, a powerful TV conglomerate gins up fake news stories to enhance the image of a notoriously corrupt politician.
Oh No! It's an Alien Invasion	Nate and his Super Wicked Extreme Emergency Team –  S.W.E.E.T. – take on alien invaders who have captured all the world's grownups.
Hot Girls Wanted	"This 2015 Sundance Film Festival breakout documentary from producer Rashida Jones spotlights the ""amateur"" porn industry and the women it exploits."
Jen Kirkman: I'm Gonna Die Alone (And I Feel Fine)	Jen Kirkman delivers some sharp, hilarious truths about divorce, kids, sex and turning 40 in this Netflix original comedy special.
Richie Rich	After turning his veggies into green energy, Richie Rich earns a trillion dollars overnight and a new life filled with nonstop fun and adventure.
The Other One: The Long Strange Trip of Bob Weir	This chronicle of Bob Weir highlights his brotherhood with Jerry Garcia and his success as a member of one of the world's most influential bands.
Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast	When suspicious scout fairies scheme to capture the fearsome-looking NeverBeast, Tinker Bell and Fawn set out to save the wondrous creature.
Russell Madness	A spunky terrier named Russell with serious wrestling chops becomes a sports phenomenon with the help of his coach, a monkey named Hunk.
Life	Discover the glorious variety of life on Earth and the spectacular and extraordinary tactics animals and plants have developed to stay alive.
Life on Location	"Members of the BBC's ""Life"" production crew go behind the scenes to explain just what it took to capture key sequences of the program."
Nature's Great Events: Diaries	Look behind the scenes of this wildlife documentary series that examines how animals around the world adapt to chaotic natural phenomena.
Planet Earth: The Complete Collection	This landmark series transports nature lovers from the Himalayan Mountains to the depths of the ocean and everywhere in between.
Chris D'Elia: Incorrigible	Stand-up comedian Chris D'Elia covers everything from how to improve the NFL to why dating is evil and that babies should grow up before they're born.
Star-Crossed	The passionate love between an alien boy and a human girl grows more and more dangerous as they face the wrath of their families and communities.
Residue	After a freak explosion wreaks havoc on a sprawling city of the future, eight survivors get caught up in the aftermath and its paranormal effects.
Mad Men	Set in 1960s New York City, this award-winning series takes a peek inside an ad agency during an era when the cutthroat business had a glamorous lure.
Marvel & ESPN Films Present: 1 of 1: Genesis	This documentary explores the connections between elite athletes and Marvel superheroes such as Spider Man, Black Widow and Captain America.
Oscar's Oasis	Plucky lizard Oscar spends his time trying to avoid the hazards of the desert, including marauding chickens and bumbling adversaries.
Aziz Ansari Live at Madison Square Garden	"Stand-up comedian and TV star Aziz Ansari (""Parks and Recreation"") delivers his sharp-witted take on immigrants, relationships and the food industry."
My Own Man	When a man discovers he will be the father to a boy, his fear and insecurities send him on an emotional, humorous quest for his own manhood.
Ralphie May: Unruly	Filmed in front of a raucous crowd, comedian Ralphie May unleashes his hilariously raunchy perspective in his first Netflix original stand-up special.
Stop at Nothing: The Lance Armstrong Story	An athlete dupes the world with his tale of miraculous recovery from cancer, becoming a sports hero and beacon of hope, but can he outpace the truth?
Virunga: Gorillas in Peril	The team behind the searing documentary reveals what inspired them to tell the story of Virunga and the lethal fight to save the gorillas' sanctuary.
Spartacus	A Thracian man is condemned to a brutal death in the arena, only to outlast his executioners and be reborn as the enslaved gladiator Spartacus.
Iliza Shlesinger: Freezing Hot	Smart and brazen comedian Iliza Shlesinger applies her fresh, laugh-out-loud perspective to the universal struggles between men and women.
Friends	This hit sitcom follows the merry misadventures of six 20-something pals as they navigate the pitfalls of work, life and love in 1990s Manhattan.
BoJack Horseman Christmas Special: Sabrina's Christmas Wish	"It's Christmas, and BoJack wants nothing to do with it. Then Todd shows up with a giant candy cane and an old ""Horsin' Around"" Christmas episode."
Pee-wee's Playhouse	Pee-wee Herman brings his stage show to the masses with this innovative live-action kids series that invites viewers into his quirky, childlike world.
Pee-wee's Playhouse: Christmas Special	Amid an avalanche of stars, Pee-wee straps on his ice skates and glides into the holiday season with Christmas cards, carols ... and Charo.
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Rainbow Rocks	Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Pinkie Pie, Rarity and Fluttershy plan to perform with their new band at the Canterlot High musical showcase.
Get Santa	When Santa gets arrested for trespassing after crashing his sleigh, it's up to a father-son team to spring him from jail and save Christmas.
Bill Burr: I'm Sorry You Feel That Way	Bill Burr escapes the zombie apocalypse, explores how rom-coms ruin great sex and explains how too many childhood hugs may be the downfall of man.
Lilyhammer	After testifying against the Mafia, ex-gangster Frank Tagliano enters witness protection and asks to be sent to Norway.
Goosebumps	R.L. Stine's tales take on a life of their own in a series that combines original stories with adaptations drawn from the popular books.
The Magic School Bus	Join Ms. Frizzle as the Magic School Bus travels to outer space, under the sea, through an anthill – and even inside the human body!
Chelsea Peretti: One of the Greats	"""Brooklyn Nine-Nine"" star Chelsea Peretti showcases her diverse talents in this dark yet silly reimagining of the comedy special."
Virunga	The Oscar-nominated true story of the rangers risking their lives to save Africa's most precious national park and its endangered gorillas.
E-Team	The courageous investigators of Human Rights Watch's Emergencies Team risk their lives to document unlawful attacks on civilians by brutal dictators.
Wyatt Cenac: Brooklyn	Wyatt Cenac heads to Brooklyn to share his observations on the borough that's the backdrop for three sitcoms and a reality show about cheesemongers.
Iron Man & Captain America: Heroes United	While battling to keep the Red Skull and Taskmaster from unleashing a Hydra army, Iron Man and Captain America must learn to work together.
Chelsea Handler: Uganda Be Kidding Me Live	In her first Netflix stand-up comedy special, Chelsea Handler recounts her African adventures (and provides hilarious photographic evidence).
Print the Legend	This award-winning, original documentary chronicles the race for market leadership in 3D printing, the next wave of technological evolution.
Mission Blue	This documentary follows oceanographer Sylvia Earle's campaign to save the world's oceans from threats such as overfishing and toxic waste.
The Battered Bastards of Baseball	The colorful true story of the Portland Mavericks, a scrappy, independent baseball team of underdogs started by actor Bing Russell in the 1970s.
The Pirate Fairy	In this spritely tale, Tinker Bell and her friends set out to find free-spirited fairy Zarina after she makes off with some precious Blue Pixie Dust.
From One Second to the Next	Werner Herzog chronicles the devastating consequences of texting and driving. The film examines how lives can be forever altered by a trivial text.
Weeds	A suburban mother starts selling marijuana to her affluent neighbors so she can maintain her comfortable lifestyle after her husband's sudden death.
Marvel's Iron Man & Hulk: Heroes United	When scientists join Hulk's gamma energy with Tony Stark's Arc Reactor, the resulting force creates a foe that only the two Marvel heroes can combat.
The Borgias	Follow the lives of the notorious Borgia family, a clan headed by plotting patriarch Rodrigo and his beautiful but treacherous daughter, Lucrezia.
Mitt	The real Mitt Romney is revealed in this documentary that goes beyond the sound bites with unprecedented access to his 2012 presidential campaign.
The Square	This Emmy-winning, street-level view of the 2011 Egyptian Revolution captures the astonishing uprising that led to the collapse of two governments.
Shrek the Musical	The greatest fairy tale never told comes to life in this colorful, song-filled, Tony Award-winning Broadway production based on the hit movie.
The Short Game	They are fiercely competitive athletes, determined to become champions on one of the world's toughest golf courses. And they're still in grade school.
A Russell Peters Christmas	"Inspired by the variety shows of the 1970s, ""A Russell Peters Christmas"" is a sweet, silly, sentimental and, most of all, funny Christmas special."
Aziz Ansari: Buried Alive	"""Parks and Recreation"" star Aziz Ansari takes the stage to share his unfiltered views on adulthood, babies, marriage, love and more in the modern era."
Russell Peters vs. the World	"A four-part docu-series that's an exclusive, backstage pass to global comedy superstar Russell Peters' record-breaking ""Notorious"" world tour."
Russell Peters: Notorious	Global comedy star Russell Peters leaves no ethnic or cultural stereotype unsatirized in this outrageous standup appearance in Sydney, Australia.
Gossip Girl	A group of hyperprivileged Manhattan private-school kids seem to get away with everything. Except an anonymous blogger is watching their every move.
Iliza Shlesinger: War Paint	"""Last Comic Standing"" winner Iliza Shlesinger unleashes her acerbic, stream-of-conscious comedy on an unsuspecting audience in her hometown of Dallas."
The 4400	4400 people who vanished over the course of five decades suddenly reappear. None have aged, and slowly it's revealed that they have mysterious powers.
Breaking Bad	A high school chemistry teacher dying of cancer teams with a former student to secure his family's future by manufacturing and selling crystal meth.
DreamWorks Happy Holidays from Madagascar	Madagascar goes wild with holiday spirit in this set of Valentine's Day and Christmas-themed tales featuring everyone's favorite animal characters.
Jack Taylor	Ken Bruen's bestselling crime novels leap to life in this series of TV movies featuring Irish cop-turned-private-investigator Jack Taylor.
Kung Fu Panda: Holiday	As preparations for the Winter Feast build, Po is caught between his obligations as the Dragon Warrior and his family holiday traditions.
Casa de mi Padre	Will Ferrell stars as a Spanish-speaking cowboy in this comedy about a Mexican clan trying to rescue their ranch from greedy creditors.
DreamWorks Spooky Stories: Volume 2	"The Shrek characters parody the music video ""Thriller"""
DreamWorks Shrek's Swamp Stories	Shrek celebrates Halloween, Puss in Boots is captured by soldiers, and the gang participates in a kingdom-wide singing competition.
DreamWorks How to Train Your Dragon Legends	In this set of shorts, Hiccup and the gang learn about different species of dragons. Then, Gobber goes in search of the Boneknapper Dragon.
White Christmas	Two war buddies fall for two sisters and follow the girls to a resort owned by their former commanding officer, who is in danger of losing the place.
Being Elmo: A Puppeteer's Journey	"Whoopi Goldberg narrates Elmo creator Kevin Clash's remarkable journey from a working-class Baltimore neighborhood to Jim Henson's ""Sesame Street."""
A Stoning in Fulham County	After reckless teens kill an Amish child, a prosecutor attempts to bring the youths to justice despite the condemnation he faces from the community.
Adam: His Song Continues	After their child was abducted and murdered, John and Reve Walsh fought to raise national awareness of the problem of missing children.
Hard Lessons	This drama based on real-life events tells the story of George McKenna, the tough, determined new principal of a notorious Los Angeles high school.
In Defense of a Married Man	A lawyer's husband is having an affair. When his mistress is found dead, he becomes the prime suspect – and his wife must take charge of his defense.
Quiet Victory: The Charlie Wedemeyer Story	When high school football coach Charlie Wedemeyer is diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, he perseveres in leading his team despite becoming disabled.
Strange Voices	When their college-age daughter suddenly begins acting erratically and is diagnosed with schizophrenia, a desperate couple seeks treatment for her.
The Ryan White Story	After contracting HIV from a tainted blood treatment, teenaged hemophiliac Ryan White is forced to fight for his right to attend public school.
Too Young the Hero	Twelve-year-old Calvin manages to join the navy and serves in the battle of Guadalcanal. But when his age is revealed, the boy is sent to the brig.
Triumph of the Heart	This drama tells the tale of Ricky Bell, a pro running back with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers who died of a muscle disease in the prime of his career.
Unspeakable Acts	Laurie and Joseph are doctors who interview sexually abused children. With a lot of energy they track down a pedophile who has abused many toddlers.
Victim of Beauty	A beauty pageant winner is stalked by a serial killer who kidnaps her sister and torments her family in this thriller based on a shocking true story.
Joseph: King of Dreams	With his gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat, Joseph inspires jealousy in his brothers in this animated Bible story.
Even the Rain	While making a film about the incursion of Christopher Columbus in the New World, a director finds the Bolivian locals protesting modern exploitation.
Mad Ron's Prevues from Hell	This collection cherry-picks trailers, forgotten scenes and poster art from 47 gory oldies, including Bay of Blood and The Blood Spattered Bride.
Splatter	After committing suicide, a washed-up rocker returns from the grave to torment the five people who betrayed him in life.
Just Another Love Story	When he causes a car accident that leaves a young woman with amnesia, a man finds himself telling incredible lies to make her and her family happy.
Dinner for Five	In each episode, four celebrities join host Jon Favreau for dinner and share revealing stories about both show business and their personal lives.
To and From New York	While covering a story in New York City, a Seattle-based reporter uncovers a link between two missing women that changes her article entirely.
